And he said , Mama , I 'm home .
He called his mom as soon as the school bus dropped him off .
He didn 't say a word .
He told his mom he had gotten home .
I didn 't know what I was going for or anything , so was to report to a designated place in Washington .
I have never been to Washington so when I was assigned there I got lost trying to find the place .
I knew exactly what I needed to do as I marched to Washington .
I was not quite certain what I was going to do so I went to Washington where I was assigned to report .
He didn 't get to go .
He was the first to be invited and enjoyed the experience .
He wasn 't allowed to attend .
He wasn 't allowed to go to the museum 's opening .
And I was like OK , and that was it !
After I said yes , it ended .
I said no and it dragged on and on .
When I said yes , we decided that we would get married that day .
I was just there just trying to figure it out .
I understood it well from the beginning .
I was trying to understand where the money went .
I was trying to understand .
And , uh , they kind of actually stopped visiting the family because they were just , just determined that they were going to be white .
They continued to visit every day .
They didn 't visit the family anymore .
They stopped visiting the family when the racial tensions started .
And Granny used to tell the story about how her sister and her sister 's husband decided that they were going to move to the city , to Augusta , and pass for white .
Granny 's Sister was white and moved to Texas .
Granny 's sister was not white .
Granny 's sister wasn 't white but she wanted to be so she could go to school .
Michael Santo of , of Firewell and Company , of Buffalo , NY , they was the one that uh , manufactured , uh , invented the high O2 regulator before that they built fire control on the stove well .
Santo lived in New York and worked on the high O2 regulator .
Santo specialized in fire safety because it was an issue that was dear to him .
Santo worked for Disney and operated the tea cups .
But he was , you know , in a lot of ways , just like a plantation owner 's son because he was the son of this guy who owned a lot of property .
His dad had never owned anything in his life .
His dad owned 2000 acres of farmland .
His dad owned a lot of property .
But my job was to put parachutes on it and life preservers when we would load it and start to an overseas location .
I didn 't have a job so I just kept all the boxes at home .
I shipped the boxes to Japan .
I shipped them out .
Now that 's how , uh , I stay buckled in .
I made sure the buckle was on tight so I would be safe .
That is exactly how I was unhooked .
That is precisely how I was fastened in .
And he was a philanderer , an d oh yeah , he was like out there . And , ah , so , you know , I didn 't like him , but anyway those are my stories .
He was so faithful and nice .
I hated him because he was so arrogant .
I wasn 't a fan of his .
When I pull , when he pulls the canopy for me to start getting him out , he points to two instruments on the left side of the aircraft that had actually melted during the flight .
All of the instruments in the aircraft were intact .
It was difficult to get him out .
There were instruments in the aircraft that melted .
And , she didn 't really understand .
Alas , she was not able to understand clearly due to a language barrier .
Indeed , she did not comprehend .
She knew exactly what we were talking about .
Maybe she told everyone else and I wasn 't paying attention at that particular time .
I didn 't hear her when she told everyone else .
I heard everything she said .
I was talking to someone else at the time .
Only lost two , three aircraft while we was there , and , uh , test phase .
A couple of aircraft got lost because of the weather .
A couple of aircraft were lost .
We 've never lost an aircraft .
I need you to do something for me .
I don 't need any help .
It is a big job that I need done .
There is something I need done .
Different , totally different types parachutes and in an bird that flies , uh , three times the speed of sound , over 22 , 000 miles an hour .
It flies over 20 , 000 miles an hour .
It only travels 10 , 000 miles an hour .
The jet flies 20 , 000 miles an hour .
It was , uh , which we , uh , had Rudolph Anderson in a , a formulation of three U2 's .
Rudolph Anderson was nowhere to be found , so we only had one U2 's .
Rudolph Anderson was part of three U2 's .
We were blessed to have Rudolph Anderson help with the U2 's .
She was still in there .
She was gone without a trace .
She was still in the vicinity .
We thought she left but she remained .
Also , oh , let me go through this .
I don 't need to deal with that .
I will look through this .
I 'll look through these reports .
But all of a sudden , we was called out to look at what was flying .
We were supposed to look at the flying plane .
We were supposed to look at what was flying .
We were told not to look outside .
He would tear the , the paper up and put it in the sand , ashtray sand , set it on a fire and burn it , and then stir the ashes up like that .
He was too afraid to burn anything so he just flushed it .
He would burn the paper .
He would write a dream on the paper and then burn it .
Um , You need to call Ramona at Concord , mind you she 's at an office , actually she 's in a client , all the way across town , we 're in Monroe , she 's in Concord .
Ramona has lived in Concord all her life .
Ramona has never been to Concord .
Ramona is located in Concord .
That 's kind of unique in that I , uh , spent , uh , about 16 years of my career in Special Activities .
I was in Special Activities for years .
I 've never had a job .
My favorite job was in Special Activities .
I think that 's why I remember that .
I didn 't remember it at all .
That 's probably the reason I remembered his name .
That 's probably why I recalled that .
And it makes you feel just awful .
It makes you feel great .
It makes you feel horrible .
You feel better after an hour .
You don 't have to stay there .
You can go home if you want to .
You can leave .
You need to stay in that exact spot !
That was , that was a pretty scary day .
It was a relaxing day .
It was really scary when the tornado came into town .
That day really scared me .
Uh , well it 's , uh , the speeds got faster , faster , and faster until we deployed overseas .
It kept getting faster .
It seemed to take forever .
The speed was making me nervous .
So , well I , uh , anyway , uh , uh , this is the three , uh , U2 pilots that , uh , President Kennedy 's office in Washington with General May .
General May and the pilots had a great time visiting the office .
General May never went to President Kennedy 's office .
This is General May and three U2 pilots at President Kennedy 's office .
Before you give me a spanking , why don 't you just let me have one big glass of chocolate milk first ?
I can 't drink milk .
I would like a glass of chocolate milk .
I 'd love to drink some chocolate milk and relax a bit since I know i messed up .
And then once you get everything entered you can go on from there .
You can continue after you enter everything .
You can continue once you enter the information into the database .
You should stop right now .
But uh , think about it .
I think about it often .
It 's nothing you would want to think about .
It 's something to think about .
They took Joe with them , and my Granny said , she said it was such a sad time in the house because , you know , everybody was missing Joe and they didn 't know what to do .
Everyone in the house was moping because they missed Joe so much .
Everyone was so happy !
Joe died and it was really depressing .
The part was , there was 158 parts to it and we had to break it down put it back together break it down and never make a mistake .
We had to take it apart and reassemble it .
We had to take the jets apart and then put them back together .
We weren 't allowed to touch it at all .
I don 't want to go into the Third SS that 's Third Strategic Support Squadron .
I couldn 't wait to go into the Third SS .
I don 't want to be part of the Third SS .
The Third SS is the worst possible squadron .
It wasn 't nothing but a desert ; there was sagebrush out on the runway .
It was a tropical rainforest .
There was a lot of scrubbby foilage in the area .
There were tumbleweeds blowing across the runway .
He didn 't say a time again , so he just got me over there stressing out , and I really don 't even know when it 's needed .
I was worried because I didn 't know what time .
I was worried that I would miss the show because I didn 't know what time it was .
I wasn 't worried at all , it would happen when it happened .
He is from Greece and he is from a small village in Greece called Tokalleka and he came to America and I believe it was 1969 or 1970 and he shortly got married .
He is a Greek man who speaks no English .
He is a Greek man .
He 's from Ireland .
So anyhow , I call Ramona back because I had a question about , I was like , All right , let me hurry up on with it , and I had a question about something I was doing .
I did not bother to call Ramona .
I never got a chance to ask the question .
I wanted to ask Ramona a question .
Little things like that made a big difference in what I was trying to do .
I didn 't even try to do it .
I was trying to accomplish something .
I was trying to finish my poster for class and the new markers helped .
Well , there 's nobody there to help me .
I 'm not able to do it on my own .
There are plenty of people to help me there .
There isn 't anyone in that place to assist me .
The CIA unloaded the , the film , taken them to the United Nations the next day .
The CIA brought the film to the UN .
The CIA kept the film for themselves .
The CIA thought the UN needed to see the film right away .
I already told him , I tried to explain to him that I was frustrated I didn 't have all the information I needed .
I told him I didn 't want to hear anything else .
I told him I needed more info to decide what to do with the job .
I told him I needed more information .
That 's why I didn 't graduate college , but I never , I never read any of the books I was supposed to .
I didn 't finish college .
I finished college with honors .
I flunked out of college in 2002 .
Um , and so they just left town , and she , she never did see her sister again , never saw her sister again .
SHe moved to Texas and never saw her sister again .
She never saw her sister after that .
She saw her sister every day .
So Granny got up , and she kind of walked down the steps off the porch and she was walking up towards the road and she then just stood there .
Granny stayed on the porch .
Granny walked 100 feet from the house .
Granny walked away from the house .
The story I shall talk about today is about my father and the culture diversities he had when he moved to America .
I don 't want to talk about my parents .
I 'll tell you about my father 's experience as an immigrant .
I 'll tell you what happened when my dad moved here from Mexico .
It was still cultural area but suburbs was still the dominant form .
It was all very urban .
Most of the area was full of cheap houses .
Most of the area was suburbia .
And then I heard him leave , so I 'm still finishing what I had to do .
I am doing what I 'm required to do today .
I 'm doing the important jobs that I was assigned this morning .
I 'm not going to bother doing this stuff .
And they found this house or this apartment building or whatever it was that they could live in , and it was right on the edge of Broad Street .
They lived in a white house on Broad Street .
They lived on Broad Street .
They lived on Main street in a tent .
It would not explode without the trigger .
The trigger makes it explode .
The trigger makes the bomb explode . .
There 's no trigger to pull .
And so when they told her she had to go home with this guy , she said , Go home with him ?
They said she couldn 't go anywhere yet
They told her she had to sleep with the man .
They told her to leave with the man .
And our father always told us not to say they are animals .
Our dad said not to call them animals .
Our dad said they were animals .
Our dad said they were creatures , not animals .
I don 't care if you don 't know anything about it .
I know you aren 't obsessed with it .
I think you should change your mind and be very interested in this !
I 'm not worried if you don 't know anything about it .
Even though I don 't see how he could have expected me to have it done .
I don 't understand why he expected me to finish the drawing today
I don 't understand why he thought i would finish it .
I know he knew I wouldn 't finish this tonight .
I never did see , and don 't know yet why , unless it was just ex , ex , expressing the , the , the need to know what you was a doing and whatever .
I didn 't see it .
I didn 't see what the person was doing on Monday .
I saw every bit of it !
They asked a few questions and I answered them and they said , Get your baggage and leave there immediately , and come to the address you were supposed to when you arrived in Washington .
They told me I should stay home .
They told me to grab my bags .
They told me to pick up by white suitcase .
Come to find out it was a U2 aircraft but we couldn 't , we could not say one word about what it was ; nothing to our wives , kids or anybody .
We couldn 't tell anyone the U2 had landed .
We told everyone all about it .
We weren 't allowed to talk about the U2 .
If , if your hand was exposed outside of the pressure suit , your hands would go to about five times the size , if you had a decompression .
No changes would occur in your skin .
your hand could change size if it was exposed outside of the suit .
your hand would grow a ton if you were on the moon and you stuck it out of the suit .
Is there any reason why she didn 't tell you ?
I know there 's no reason she wouldn 't tell you .
Why wouldn 't she tell you about it ?
Why wouldn 't she tell you about the baby ?
They had wound up starting out to New York to visit some relatives of this , this cousin , and they just stayed and he didn 't know how to get back , so he just stayed with them .
He never visited his family .
He stayed in Brooklynn with his family .
He stayed with them in New York .
No , it was just that one time in the morning , and she said that she was going to come back to the office .
She didn 't mention if she was going to return or not .
She said she was going to return later .
She said she 'd come back to the office with lunch .
We didn 't know what a U2 was and nobody knew anything about a U2 .
We didn 't know what the heck a u2 was .
We didn 't know what to call the thing we saw in the air .
We knew all about the U2 !
My grandmother was born in 1910 , she was a little girl .
My grandma was born 10 years after the turn of the century .
My grandma was born in 1899 .
My grandma was born on july 1 , 1910 .
So he stayed in Augusta after that ?
Did he remain in Augusta ?
Did he stay in Augusta after the riot ?
I know he left Augusta immediately .
Anyway it got up to , we had about uh , ah , I don 't remember the numbers .
I don 't remember how many we had .
I don 't remember how many workers we had .
I know the exact numbers for everything
Anyhow , so I finished came home at 6 : 30 today and that was my day .
I decided to come home at lunch and take the rest of the day off .
I didnt do anything significant after 6 : 30 today .
I spent most of the day dealing with a complicated customer billing issue .
And so she sat back down , and , you know , they were still chatting , and they could still see this person , and this person was walking really , really fast .
She kept talking to her coworkers about the guy running away .
She kept talking .
She stayed silent and looked down at her desk .
And , uh , if it surged and just kept surging it would go ' whish , ' and , like it was going to pull your head off .
If there is a surge of electricity , it 's very dangerous to anyone around .
If there is a surge , there is a noise that accompanies it .
It will only surge once .
I don 't have enough information .
I have all the information I could ever need .
I need more information to decide what kind of car to purchase .
I need to gather more information about this thing .
I 'll call you back in about an hour , he says .
He said he would call once he got home .
He said he 'd return the call .
He said they were done speaking .
Of course , they questioned me there , why I went .
They asked me why I had gone there .
They asked why I went to the store .
They asked why I 'd stayed home .
I had to start training in course .
I didn 't need any preparation .
I had to learn how to complete the obstacle course .
I had to start preparing .
Well anyway , I went back to my , my desk .
I refused to sit down again .
I returned to my seat .
I went back and sat down because my boss told me to .
Now that 's how classified it was .
If anyone learned the information , they 'd be jailed .
It was public information .
It was very classified .
They didn 't want to stay captive .
They had been captured at some point but wanted to escape .
They had been detained in relation to a recent robbery .
They were all terrified of being released from custody .
So it took me like , an hour to two hours just to find what I needed .
I found it in just a few seconds .
It took me a long time because the book was really thick and confusing .
It took me a while to find it .
Physiological support differs from life support in that he handles the altitude chambers which run pilots up to 80 thousand feet in high altitude chambers , and brings him back down .
Pilots get tested in altitude chambers .
Pilots have to be tested in altitude chambers about 20 times a month .
The altitude chamber has been discontinued .
And , uh , they moved downtown and , there was , uh , and it 's still like this in Augusta , this big street downtown called Broad Street , and it really was just this broad street in a downtown area .
They left Augusta and went to Atlanta .
They went downtown to the main street .
They went to the street with the most restaurants and bars .
That was my messed up .
I did it without any errors .
I made a mistake when i sent in the forms .
I made a mistake .
She 's like , But you need to look here , look here , she 's gives me like three different places to look in the computer .
She had no idea where to look .
She told me the folders would be on the desktop .
She told me where to search .
oh it was Snake River oh Snake River with a lot of snakes in it
Despite its name , Snake River doesn 't actually contain any snakes ; it 's named for its S-shape .
Snake River has lots of snapping turtles .
Snake River is filled with snakes .
yeah i have a credit union
I do have a credit union I go to .
I visit my credit union frequently .
What 's a credit union ?
exactly it 's it 's an active state it 's not something that you can kind of you know be passively involved in and expect to do any good really i don 't think
I think you have to devote 10 hours a day to be good at it .
I think you need to be devoted to it to do well .
It 's fine if you don 't really take it seriously .
and that what i think is gonna be really interesting is what we do about it i mean we are gonna have to change the people who represent us
I just know it will be so boring and not worth changing those that represent us so we should not even try to change .
I think it will be challenging to change our representatives but worthwhile in the end .
We have to make changes to those that represent us .
and they can be very nice too after after they 've been trained
They become hardened and cold once they complete the training .
They change rapidly while undergoing training .
When they undergo training they can be quite pleasant .
and it can go on for ten twenty years i i think this is a little ridiculous
I think it 's crazy that one lawsuit can go on so many years .
I think it 's nuts that it can last so long .
It only lasts a week .
yeah you you must 've had a cordless
Correct the one you had was cordless .
The one you had was definitely a corded version only .
You might have had one with an optional cord .
are you saying the teachers or the parents
Are you saying the students or the teacher 's aide did it ?
Is it the teachers or the parents ?
What are you implying about the parents and the teachers ?
besides i probably would look at something uh maybe a a V six
I am thinking of looking at a V6 .
I think a V6 is the best way to go .
I would never consider a V6 .
well i guess it would i guess so well i don 't know i i i really haven 't sorted out all my feelings on the drug testing uh i 'm totally straight would never consider using drugs
I am strongly against drug testing , there is no doubt in my mind about it .
I guess I would be fine with being drug tested .
I think so but I have not gone through my emotions with regards to drug testing .
care about how the national news affects the local area
Concerned about the local places being affected by national news .
I could care less what the national news covers with concerns about our local areas .
The national news outlets make our local places seem backwards .
but no we usually you know skirt and skirt and blouse or suit or dress is is what you see down here so it 's nice with me working at home because i can wear pants
I don 't dress up when I work at home .
I don 't wear anything other than sweats when I work at home .
I still wear dresses when I 'm working at home because I feel fancier .
yeah there there 's something about having a place to live i don 't know
Having a place to live is a dream come true .
I don 't really care if i have a place to live .
It 's nice to have a place to live .
yeah yeah i you know i i wouldn 't even mind so much if they had a um corporation that is financed
It would be easy to find out if the corporation was financed .
It would make me angry to find out that they had financed the corporation .
It wouldn 't bother me if the corporation was financed .
yeah it 's ours up here we have our rural connections are real bad
The connections around here are sometimes okay .
We do not get good connections here .
We have the best connections around here .
and uh i kind of kind of like the black eyed pea but i don 't think it 's a chain
I can not stand the Black Eyed Pea .
I might check out the Black Eyed Pea later .
The Black Eyed Pea is likable , I think its corporate .
but on the other hand we 've eaten a lot of raccoon and possum and turtle all kinds of
I Do not eat any kind of meat .
I have ate unusual animals before such as turtle , raccoon and possum .
I have tried many different types of animals for food .
one of the benefits we get of course is travel
Traveling is my favorite part of it .
Traveling is one perk we get .
We don 't get any benefits .
it 's it 's really bad it uh i
I have heard it is not good .
It is horrible .
It 's not bad at all .
yeah it was pretty reasonable
No , I think that is insane and highly irrational .
Yes , it was very acceptable .
Yes , we acknowledge that it was difficult but nonetheless came out pretty well in the end .
so um we usually meet like at my uncle 's cottage in the um at the lake and uh make a couple days of it
We go to the cottage for a couple of days .
We go to the cottage in Minnesota .
We have never been to the cottage .
exactly and i was very flattered until she told me she the company she was with
I do not like the company she is with .
She did not flatter me at all .
She made me feel good until I found out who she was with .
have you read The Firm
Did you read The Firm ?
Have you read The Soft ?
Would you like to borrow my copy of The Firm to read ?
yeah and we just kind of we kept uh kind of uh it was a surprise birthday party for her was what it was
She loved the surprise party .
We didnt do anything for her birthday .
We threw a surprise birthday for her .
i don 't know coming from Texas you 're probably i don 't know i i shouldn 't make stereo types but gun control is probably frowned on quite a bit down there i would think
Gun control is probably not popular in Texas .
I don 't think gun control would upset people in Texas .
Texas should have stronger gun control laws .
uh-huh oh she 's great she 's you know she 's a character she 'll sit with anybody she 'll play with anybody
She is willing to sit or play with anybody .
She normally plays poker or blackjack , but will sometimes play scrabble .
She refuses to sit next to anybody who she does not already know .
course that might up crime you know and uh people go in and steal your television and steal and sell it just because they can 't they can 't work anymore you know
People will work if they have opportunity .
That might cause crime to increase .
That will cause a decrease in crime .
yeah they had a whole bunch of things that that sort of broke at the same time
Most of their stuff broke at the same time .
None of their stuff broke .
Some of the broken stuff was valuable .
but uh so you like different foods huh
Do you like different types of food ?
I hear you say you don 't like trying new foods .
You must enjoy trying different ethnic foods .
uh-huh how do you feel the newspapers there in Colorado Springs treats local interest news
Do you think that the local newspapers are not interested in what the citizens have to say ?
What do you think about national newspapers and their global coverage ?
What is your opinion on how the papers treat the local news ?
you know one other benefit that that just occurred to me i didn 't take it as much advantage of it at least not yet in sometimes big companies will pay for like education
It would be worth it to work for a larger company if they gave me money for college .
No companies help with education costs no matter how large or small .
Sometimes larger companies help you pay for education .
well why don 't you start because you 've had more time to think about it if you don 't mind
Why don 't you explain your book to us all .
Why don 't you go first .
You should go last because you don 't know anything .
um-hum do you find that you 're uh uh disappointed or pleased with uh uh the performance of like network coverage of news
Are you happy with network news coverage ?
I guess you don 't ever watch network news .
I think the networks spin the news to make you think what they want you to think .
yeah i don 't yeah well what get 's me you know this thing it went down to defeat last December by how many votes by just a few hundred votes
It got voted down because people didn 't want to get out and vote .
It lost by not very many votes .
It passed by a 99 % margin .
oh um no but they do have hay horse races at the Oaklawn tracks
The hay horse races are fun .
There are hay horse races at the tracks at Oaklawn .
There are no races at Oaklawn tracks .
but i know that in some i know in a lot of rural areas they 're not that good
They are not very good in rural areas .
They are really good in urban areas .
They are very good in both urban and rural areas .
right they will go through the slot
They are easy to slide through .
They go in the opening .
They go in the trash .
is it twenty percent interest
Could the interest be more than 20 ?
Is the interest percent 20 ?
There is no interest .
now that 's one of the best deterrents for a robber is a noisy neighbor even if the neighbor 's got a noisy dog that 's a deterrent because they know that that dog 's going to bark
Robbers don 't like dogs because they are loud and often bite them .
Robbers don 't like dogs .
Robbers know dogs will be quiet soon .
uh-huh it 's funny and um i i guess i just like funny shows mostly
I don 't like funny shows .
I like watching funny shows .
I may have to watch this new comedy show .
i don 't know okay well it was good talking to you and have a good evening
I hope you have a great morning ! It was nice chatting with you online .
I think I know why I 'm not well but I do not want to tell you .
I 'm not certain but I 'm kinda fine , it was nice to speak with you tonight .
came back from uh uh Grand Rapids where we saw one of our sons graduate
Grand Rapids is a beautiful place .
We don 't have a son .
We went to Grand Rapids to see our son graduate .
do you do you wilderness camp
Did you attend the camp about wilderness ?
Did you go to the indoor camp ?
I thought you went to the camp .
it 's only getting worse exponentially it seems um
It is slowly getting worse .
It seems to be getting worse .
It 's getting better .
and i really hate to lose them but um that 's one of the hazards i guess of uh having a a yard because i
Having a yard is not all fun and games but I do enjoy it .
I do not wish to lose it but that is what could happen when you own a yard .
When you own your own piece of land you have nothing to lose anymore .
tag them or anything you you do it all yourself they tell you what to do but you do it all yourself
After they tell you what to do , you go ahead and do it yourself .
They don 't tell you how to do it at all .
They give decent instructions on how to go about it .
not just lawyers but police officers and judges and the whole legal profession in general
It has nothing to do with anyone involved in the legal system .
It 's everyone involved in the legal system .
Most of the legal system is involved , a majority being that of police .
and uh that was twenty five hundred people when i joined and uh
At the time that I became a member there was at least twenty five hundred individuals .
I think when I joined there was at least a few people that I knew .
There is only at the most one hundred people that ever joined .
uh yeah and i was gonna say uh I 'll Fly Away which uh i think it was supposed to uh catch some of the same viewers as uh
I really don 't even know what I would pick .
I would choose I 'll Fly Away .
I 'll Fly Away is my favorite movie and I watch it weekly .
yeah but i don 't think we 're gonna to do it because it 's uh you can 't get local stations and that 's the news that we 're mostly interested in
The price is pretty good .
We are definitely going to get it to watch our local news .
We don 't want it because we like local news and it doesn 't get local stations .
i 'm afraid that um i think his name was Anderson was the the gentleman who ran for uh on an independent ticket against Reagan and
Anderson beat out Reagan .
Anderson ran against Reagan as an independent .
There were other independent tickets that ran as well .
yeah i think there 's so much more economicable too just like with gas and everything i mean i can go forever on a tank of gas
The are more economical because they are really good on gas .
The gas mileage is terrible and I 'm constantly paying for gas .
They are also the best looking cars around .
a few years ago i was a student there and spent um a semester studying abroad in London
A couple years ago I studied in London for a semester .
I have never studied abroad before .
London schools are the best .
but they did something a little different with them
The did the same thing as everyone else .
Their way of using them was much better .
They did things with them a little differently .
i never have can 't do anything with cakes so
I am not able to use the cakes .
I could never run out of ideas for cake !
I wish I could do something with the cakes but I have no use for them .
well i have a VCR and i 've had to return it a couple of times because of the same part failure and uh it 's still not getting a real good picture
I have a VCR that keeps breaking .
My VCR works perfectly .
The VCR only works for about a week and then it is broken again .
huh well that 's neat well um it was real funny i went to a seminar that was just it was is a satellite seminar it was really neat and it was just for women
I really didn 't like the seminar that was done by satellite .
I went to a seminar that was done by satellite .
There were a lot of people attending the satellite seminar .
yeah because it 's uh it had definitely been through the mill but uh
I wish that this did not have to happen since it was so discouraging .
Yeah it made it without a single scratch !
Yes is have surely gone through a lot .
well oh well that 's interesting do you uh did you take classes to learn how to do that
I bet you taught yourself how to do that .
That is so lame , I am glad you dont know how to do it .
Where did you learn how to do that ?
with the others we 've either with some friends done a a sort of Mother 's Day out kind of thing where they took turns
It was for Father 's Day and Ellen always took care of it .
Some friends celebrated Mother 's Day .
Some friends took turns hosting Mother 's Day brunch .
do we know what we 're going to say
Do you know what script they 're going to give us to read ?
I know we don 't have a clue what we 'll say .
What are we doing to say ?
yeah they weren 't course they weren 't talking about uh where you know you 're absolutely unable to care for them but it was it you know they would come from large extended families
Everyone takes care of their own family , no matter what .
Some people can 't care for elderly relatives because their homes have lots of stairs .
Some people can 't care for other people .
uh-huh all right bye now
Goodbye !
It was great talking to you and I 'll talk to you tomorrow .
Let 's keep talking .
okay and do they have good lasagna
The lasagna is the worst thing I 've tried !
Their lasagna is excellent .
Their lasagna is great because of the spicy sausage they use .
it 's just that since my money is tight right now i don 't even give myself a tempting
I don 't have a lot of money right now .
I have a ton of money right now so I want to go shopping .
I only have $ 20 until payday .
yeah some special interest group
The group is interested in a lot of different topics .
The group is interested in environmental issues .
The group is interested in the matter .
um there 's nothing wrong with a parent gifting everything she has to uh to uh to an individual like uh like like you
It 's ok for a parent to give lots of gifts .
It 's ok for parents to support their kids until they are able to do it on their own .
Parents should just keep everything they have and not share it .
Texas only had fifty five thousand when i was there
I have never been to Texas before .
I lived in Texas in the 1980 's .
I used to be in Texas .
expensive you can get a lot of money in that kind of stuff especially the good stuff
It 's not worth anything because it 's junk .
You can get paid a lot for that .
You can get paid a ton of money if you have the best fabrics .
excuse me we pay for any you know the child care but we don 't pay as much as they do off base
Childcare costs $ 2000 more off base .
Childcare is cheaper on base .
Childcare is free off base .
um hum yeah so so so you got a sign up there that says you got this alarm system and what if a burglar comes along and cuts your phone line
It 's not a good idea to put signs up saying you have an alarm .
The alarm company gives you signs to put in each window .
There is a sign to say you have an alarm .
yeah we have between the spouse and myself we have six
I 'm single , never married .
My husband and I have six kids total .
My spouse and I have six of them .
yes well it it 's not it 's not legal to carry a handgun in Texas but no it 's not you can have it in your home
It 's a felony to have a handgun in public in Texas .
You can take a handgun anywhere you want in Texas !
You can 't carry a handgun in Texas outside of your house .
um well i sort of own a computer we have two PCs at home but neither one do we really own um both are no both of them are sort of work related and
I don 't own any electronics .
I have an Apple and an HP computer at home .
I have two computers in my house .
and uh sometimes it 's nice to go out and have a salad
I never eat salad- gross !
I occasionally like to eat a vegetarian salad on the deck .
I occasionally like to eat salad .
and uh so i really enjoyed that
I truly liked that .
I would love to have another since I found it to be so nice .
That was beyond disgusting !
wow maybe i should go see it in a theatre and plan to go out to dinner afterwards so we could sit and talk about it
I don 't want to go see that movie at all !
We can go eat Chinese food after we watch that Oscar-nominated movie .
We can go to dinner after the show .
and they just pretty much know how much they have coming in you know and they just make sure they don 't buy over
They are aware of the money they have as income .
They have no idea how much money they 're getting .
They know that they are making $ 2903 a month .
well we 're definitely keeping them poor and down trodden and helpless
Our actions prevent them from improving .
We are encouraging them and uplifting them every day .
We make it so poor people can 't succeed in our society .
it 's kind of like a soap a nighttime soap opera type thing
It 's a very serious new show .
It 's like soap opera show .
The show is a lot like Days of Our lives .
yeah i always said if i died well i always said if i died i 'd come back as a dog that 'd be the best way to be
I don 't believe in any type of afterlife .
I think most people who die come back as animals .
If I die , I always believe I will be reincarnated as a dog .
um-hum well and i was gonna say there are some other areas they could cut you know i don 't they wouldn 't necessarily have to cut it out of there
I thought they should cut the food expenditures and not books .
I was going to suggest other cuts .
There is just nothing else they can cut !
the latest contract that was awarded Virginia sued or has got a lawsuit against uh Gratin to stop construction because it was unfairly obtained or something like that you know
The contracts have been very messy .
The contracts have raised lots of red flags with the lawyers .
The contracts were all signed without an issue .
Espinosa collected many romances from Californios in the 1920s .
Espinosa resold these romances in France at a healthy profit .
Espinosa was interested in collecting romances .
Esponosa died in 1900 .
These higher-order complexes of molecular devices arise because natural selection is able to act upon the collective properties of such molecular aggregates when those collective properties augment adaptive fitness .
All molecular devices are equally complex .
More complex molecular devices can arise under some conditions .
These molecular devices are mostly used to produce various poisons for protection .
But I do not believe any such algorithmic tool can be complete .
The algorithm cannot decide how to make a perfect sandwich without human judgement .
There is no tool that can completely solve this problem on its own .
These tools work flawlessly under any circumstances .
The law redeems not the individual but the community or the nation as a whole .
For redemption , individuals should turn to the law .
The law will redeem America .
The law will save the community and the nation .
The constitutional text of 1787 had stipulated a right of slave owners to recover slaves who had escaped into free territory .
In 1787 a law was passed that stopped people from reclaiming any slaves that had made it to free lands .
Part of the text of the constitution was written in 1787 .
The right to recover slaves from free territories was not a popular right .
Steve Harris , a molecular biologist from Texas was visiting .
Steve Harris refused to leave his house for any reason .
Steve was a biologist from out of town .
Steve was visiting California to study a new sample .
Membership consisted of between thirty and fifty adult men per chapter  called moradas  and were divided into two common members , called hermanos disciplantes  brothers who discipline  , and officers , called hermanos de luz  brothers of light  .
Most than one hundred officers served in each chapter .
The chapters contained both common members and officers .
These units were responsible for converting native populations in Central America .
For 4- and 5-year-olds , questions more often address narrative organization  What happens next ?
Children do not usually learn to communicate until the age of six .
Five year olds are concerned with what happens next .
Five year olds are generally considered poor conversationalists .
Intuitively , slightly convergent flow in state space allows classification , for when two states converge on a single successor state , those two states have been classified as equivalent by the network .
Convergent flow allows classification .
Convergent flow is influenced by population .
Convergent flow prevents classification .
Therefore , they persistently create a nonstationary world in which only the relatively recent past has valid data .
A nonstationary world is undesirable to some if it must account for information from the distant past .
All data from every time frame is valid for any world .
These hypothetical worlds are used to forecast weather patterns .
In the final chapter , I step beyond the central concern with autonomous agents to consider the universe itself .
In the final chapter , I only discuss how many licks it takes to get to the center of a Tootsie Roll Pop .
In the last chapter I wonder how much the universe is responsible for the eccentricities of human behavior .
In the last chapter , I considered the universe itself .
And , therefore , the state was not responsible for these private persons denying social rights to black citizens .
Some private persons denied social rights to black citizens .
The private persons were white .
The state was entirely responsible for the behavior of the private persons .
No difference exists between younger and older classmates in achievement test scores .
While test results for young and older classmates are the same , younger classmates finish test faster
Young and old classmates achieve same results in test scores .
Young and old classmates have different test results as age is a factor
In the postbellum legal order , the same result derived from federal constitutional principles .
Principles from the federal constitution are what caused the same result as the postbellum legal order .
The postbellum legal order ended in the same result due to Barbados ' federal constitution principles .
The prebellum legal order had much different results despite being derived from state constitution principles .
Darwin starts with life already here .
Darwin started by focusing on fish .
Darwin started with life that already existed .
Darwin was only focused on studying dead things .
The most common cause during toddlerhood and the preschool years is repeated otitis media , or middle ear infection .
Middle ear infection is the most common cause for toddlers .
Otitis media is incredibly rare during a child 's preschool years .
The majority of toddlers will get a middle ear infection .
When civil society turns a deaf ear , crazy ideas lose their edge .
Crazy ideas are less edgy when they are ignored by civil society .
Crazy ideas become more popular with civil society when they are ignored by civil society .
Most crazy ideas are ignored by civil society .
McKim , much to his chagrin , not only lost but placed third behind Howard & amp ; Cauldwell .
Howard and Cauldwell were women .
McKim was ecstatic because he finished first .
McKim was humiliated because he finished third .
Indeed , part of what we need is a way of characterizing the organization of real processes in the nonequilibrium world .
We need labels so we can see where the organization is doing well .
We need to label the organization .
We shouldn 't label anything .
Consisting of a core of three or four males , with a few fringe members , a palomilla was an important socialization unit that provided a safe space for young men to joke and express themselves .
Palomillas allowed young men to express themselves .
Palomillas consisted solely of several old women who told sad stories about frying pans .
Young men in palomillas told jokes about horses .
But consider bread and butter .
Think about Wonder Bread and Challenge Butter .
Think about bread and butter .
Think only about raisins and corn chips and nothing else .
Two American ideas 'protecting the flag and celebrating freedom of speech 'would eventually come into focus as contradictory ways of being American .
Americans all treat the flag with respect .
Americans hate the flag .
Americans want to protect the flag .
Bato is a word centuries old that can be translated as guy or dude .
Vato is the preferred spelling .
Bato  or vato  is a Spanish word that means guy or dude .
Batos are lesbians .
We have beginning mathematical models that reveal something about this hierarchical organizationa = aalthough the best current models are curiously limited despite their brilliance .
Everything that can be learned about the organization has already been made known .
The current models are brilliant but limited .
There is much more to learn about the organization .
As the sand piles up , it eventually reaches the rest angle for sand and also extends to the boundaries of the table .
The sand gets up in a pile .
The sand is always flat and smooth .
The sand is scooped by a bulldozer .
The biosphere has expanded , indeed , more or less persistently exploded , into the ever-expanding adjacent possible .
The biosphere grew 1000 mile .
The biosphere grew .
The biosphere shrinks
Strange , is it not , that we pay no attention to one of the most profound features of the world right smack in front of our collective nose ?
We always pay attention to everything .
We don 't look at something so amazing ?
We don 't look at that famous building ?
Rational expectations grew , in part , out of an attempt to understand actual trading on stock exchanges .
More and more people started trading on online stock exchanges .
No one was interested in actual trading on stock exchanges .
People were trying to learn about trading on stock exchanges .
The relationship between rights and freedom is thus turned on its head .
You can 't have rights without freedom .
Rights and freedom aren 't connected at all .
There is a relationship between your rights and freedom .
The audience is invisible ; each viewer is in his little cubicle , called a living room .
The audience is hidden because of the cubicles .
You can see the audience .
You cannot see the audience .
The end of plantation capitalism might have come as safely as the demise of communism in Europe .
Plantation capitalism has ended .
Plantation capitalism is wrong .
There was no end to communism in Europe .
I begin life with an endowment of a hundred pears and a thousand apples .
I have more pears than apples .
I have something to eat .
The fruit was given to me by my father .
Your heart happened to be preadapted to pick up earthquake pretremors .
Earthquake pretremors can be felt by everyone .
Earthquakes have pretremors .
Your heart cannot pick up earthquake pretremors .
Diego followed her instructions and at the top of the hill he found beautiful roses of Castile , still covered with dew .
Diego did not really want to follow her instructions .
Diego refused to do what she said .
There were roses on top of the hill .
The southwestern region with the most researched and documented wedding customs is New Mexico , because the descendents of the early Hispanos have been conscious of describing and writing down their traditions .
No records remain of the traditions of the early Hispanos .
The descendants of the early Hispanos wrote using quills .
There is evidence that the descendants of the early Hispanos could write .
Today the term barbacoa is used only to mean the cooking of meat in a pit , also called pit cooking .
The term barbacoa is used to mean roasting vegetables in the oven .
The term barbacoa was first used in ancient Egypt .
There are at least two terms that mean cooking of meat in a pit .
And yet , today the common assumption is that our officials may be trusted with a precise racial and ethnic map of the American nation .
The assumption that officials have racial and ethnic maps is untrue .
There is a common assumption about our officials .
There is no common assumption today .
For the community of nations , so recognized , equality 'let us , say , with regard to voting rights in the General Assembly of the United Nations 'becomes a norm readily enforced .
Each nation has a right to vote .
There are no voting rights .
There are voting rights .
The problem of exploitation in apparently voluntary sexual relations has long been with us .
The problem of exploitation is getting better .
There can be exploitation in sexual relations that are apparently voluntary .
There is no exploitation in sexual relations that are voluntary .
While this is being done prayers are recited .
No one prays .
Other things happen while prayers are said .
Prayers are recited while clothes are washed .
The vaquero or buckaroo is a westerner and the cowboy is a southerner .
The cowboy is a northern guy .
The cowboy is from the south .
The cowboy is from the southern US .
Members of car clubs are referred to as clubbers , and they compete for trophies , ride in car caravans , and often participate in fund-raising events .
Members of car clubs do competitions .
Members of car clubs do not ride .
Members of car clubs sell cars .
During the preschool and elementary school years , thought is largely tied to the here-and-now .
Preschool and elementary aged children often dream about the future .
Preschool kids cannot comprehend the future .
Preschool kids think mostly about today .
It would get really big , take us from our beds and never bring us back home  November 1974  .
It always brought them back home .
It was scary when it got really big .
They were removed from their beds .
The same is true of the sense of nationhood .
The same applies to the sense of national identity .
The sense of nationhood depends on how well the economy is run .
This is applicable everywhere else save for the sense of nationhood .
I , in turn , happen to have desires such that I would be happier with rather more pears than apples .
I would like pears more than apples .
I would rather eat 100 pears than 1 apple .
I would rather have 10 pears than 10 apples .
Conversely , if new precedents never sent out ripples , the common law could hardly evolve at all .
New laws are original .
The Greeks and Romans had laws that we use today .
The law has been around for a while .
A renowned proponent of Mexican Spanish folklore in the Southwest and California was Charles F . Lummis  1859-1928  , a self-taught photographer , ethnologist , musicologist , journalist , and the founder of the Southwest Museum in Los Angeles .
Charles F . Lewis could not read .
Charles F . Lummis was a photographer .
Charles F . Lummis was funny .
for in the image of God he made Adam .
Adam was created to look like God .
Adam was delighted that he was made in the image of God .
Eve made Adam using her own beautiful image .
That can be our control tower , he suggests to Vance , pointing to a corner by a bookshelf .
Kids are playing with toy planes .
Someone is ignoring Vance .
Someone is talking to Vance .
I turn , in the final section of this chapter , to yet another puzzle concerning what I call a natural game .
I could not address the natural game in this chapter .
I do not have the solution for the puzzle of the natural game .
This chapter has material on the natural game .
22 Despite these strict legislated standards 'with wage levels updated from time to time 'widespread violations in apparel workplaces have become commonplace in the 1990s .
All apparel industries and shops were permanently closed in 1980 .
There are not enough inspectors to monitor violations in apparel workplaces .
Wage levels in the apparel industry are not stagnant .
If the initial expansion is exponential , then slows to linear , as in the inflationary hypothesis or perhaps in this purely quantum approach , then the particle-horizon problem may disappear .
It is possible for the particle-horizon problem to disappear .
The math for an exponential initial expansion is complex .
The particle-horizon problem is always there , regardless of the initial expansion model .
In San Antonio the performance of Los Pastores at Our Lady of Guadalupe Church as been ongoing since 1913 .
The performance never occurs in San Antonio .
The performance stopped in 1987 .
There are multiple performances per year .
Of course , if we could not solve our chosen ways to make livings , we would be dead .
Figuring how to make a living is not a piece of cake .
Humans can always survive any situation , even when they are not making a living .
We have to figure out how to make livings , in order to survive .
In turn , object must be on machine for minutes , then machine for minutes , and so on .
If it the object does not stay on the machine for minutes , it will explode .
The object cannot be on the machine .
The object must be on the machine for more than a single second .
Economic growth is part and parcel of the creativity of the universe as a whole .
Economic growth is a monster of its own kind ; an entity independent of the universe .
Economic growth models many natural systems found in the universe .
One cannot separate economic growth from the universe .
The connection between the limited nation and unbounded equality has paradoxical overtones .
The limited nation used to be isolated .
The nation is not connected to unbounded equality .
The nation is not reaching its full potential .
In this poem , Joaquan lives and flees in a ship to Mexico or South America , and the body that is decapitated is actually that of his good friend Ramen .
In the poem , Joaquan lived in his car .
Joaquan did not expect the body to be of his friend .
The dead body belongs to Ramen .
We are literally making our world together , we critters .
Every living being affects the world we live in .
Living beings make up the world as do plants and trees . But we can change out the effects we cause .
People do not live in the world it is made up only of animals and plants .
Limpiar means to clean and a limpia is similar to a barrida .
Although barrida and limpia are similar , there are many things that distinguish them from each other .
Limpiar means to dance .
The word that means to clean is Limpiar .
So Shannon took the logarithm of the volume in message space occupied by a message and multiplied it by the probability that that message was sent from the source .
Shannon determined that the message came from a negative source .
Shannon did calculations about the message .
Shannon ignored the message .
As we will see , in both cases , it appears that something profound is going on in the universe that is not finitely prestatable .
It looks as though something profound in going on in the universe .
The universe is a very confusing place .
There is nothing happening in the universe at all .
A third feature , a convergence versus divergence along flows in state space that characterizes the ordered versus chaotic regime , is perhaps the most important to our future discussions .
The most important thing in our future discussions is the third feature .
There are less important things in our future discussions .
There is nothing important that we should discuss in the future .
In the fitness landscape , image , mutation , recombination , and selection can conspire to pull evolving populations upward toward the peaks of high fitness .
At higher fitness levels evolving populations are more likely to survive .
Many factors work together to pull evolving populations to higher fitness levels .
There are no factors that help evolving populations reach higher fitness levels .
On Christmas Day children went knocking on doors and visiting homes , asking for and receiving candy or small toys .
Children carried around big bags for collecting candy and toys on Christmas Day .
Children did not stay indoors on Christmas Day .
On Christmas Day , children went to the North Pole to visit Santa .
Riddles are fun and educational as well .
Riddles are boring and teach you nothing .
Riddles are two things .
Riddles are very hard to solve .
This is not to say that good architecture is merely utilitarian .
Good architecture includes aesthetic beauty , as well as economical function .
That does not conclude that good architecture is only designed for functionality .
The single defining attribute of good architecture is utility .
Could statistical averaging be the source of order in organisms ?
It is clear that there is order in organisms .
Organisms are defined by chaos ; there is not a hint of order in them .
There is a theory that statistical averaging is the source of order in organisms .
Clearly today 's children spend far too many hours in front of the TV set , a circumstance that restricts time available for joint parent-child activities , play , reading , and other worthwhile pursuits .
Children today spend more time watching TV than reading .
TV has not been invented yet , which is why most children spend a lot of time reading .
Today 's children have access to TV , and they spend a lot of time watching it .
Deborah Lipstadt , in her book Denying the Holocaust , wrote that we should not publicly debate unacceptable as well as obviously false claims , and thus she advanced a remedy as powerful as governmental censorship .
Lipstadt was a cook .
Lipstadt wrote a book that got excellent reviews .
Lipstadt wrote a book .
Several Tejano folk heroes , such as Gregorio Cortez , Juan Cortina , and Catarino Garza became memorialized because of their confrontations with the Texas Rangers .
Catarino Garza was a well known Texas Ranger .
Gregorio Cortez is one of the folk heroes that confronted the Texas Rangers .
Juan Cortina led the group that confronted the Texas Rangers .
Fashioning time for parents and children to be together is the rst step toward implementing the ideas and practices I 'll discuss in this book .
According to this book , parents shouldn 't spend time with their children .
In this book , I 'll cover topics that parents and their children can implement while spending time together .
This parenting book is on the New York Times bestseller 's list .
Once established , neurons begin to take on unique functions by sending out branching bers , which form elaborate connections with other neurons .
Established neurons branch out to form connections with other neurons , which enables them to perform various functions .
Neurons must be fully established before they can perform certain functions .
Neurons operate independently and never need to connect with other neurons .
15 The commander wants us to do something , and has used the language of the law to move us toward action .
If it weren 't for the law , we would have disobeyed the commander .
The commander has found a way to make us do what he wants us to do .
The commander knows that we will never listen to anything he says .
Relajo can also describe a joking relationship , a bantering back and forth , which through the laughter relieves tension and disintegrates the cause of the tension of the moment .
Relajo is not funny at all .
Relajo makes jokes about the economy .
Relajo told jokes .
7  , and those with low demand  averaging 1 , 300 units a week  and high demand variation  Cv = 1 . 3  .
The low demand and high demand groups combine to a total of twenty .
The low demand group averages below three hundred .
There are two groups that are defined by demand variation .
Should I help her with her homework , and if so , how should I do so ?
I should ask her if she needs help with homework .
I should ask myself how to help her with homework .
I should not be tempted to help her with homework .
See Wallis and Varjabedian for contemporary photographs of ancient moradas still found in northern New Mexico .
Ancient moradas can be found in the northern part of New Mexico .
There are no known existing photographs of ancient moradas in New Mexico .
Wallis and Varjabedian provide professional , colorful photographs of the old New Mexico moradas .
La Vida de un Bato Loco , written by an informant of Linda Katz and reproduced in her work , provides a good example of the literary uses of cale .
Katz narced on the drug trade .
Katz only wrote about what other people did .
Linda Katz was a narc .
The disputes took on the tones of class struggle .
They fought about how rich CEOs were .
They fought about the poor vs the rich .
They fought about the weather .
That is why we feel cheated by hollow walls , flimsy doors , and shaky balustrades .
Hollow walls let in a lot of noise from the park .
We appreciate the hollow walls and flimsy doors .
We are not happy with hollow walls and flimsy doors .
What we see are details .
At this time there are no details available .
The details are visible .
The details have been printed out on legal paper for everyone to see .
He turned in appeal to Lord Julian .
He wanted to ask Lord Julian something .
He wanted to ask Lord Julian to spare his wife .
Lord Julian was nowhere to be seen .
Jeremy Pitt answered the laugh with an oath .
Jeremy Pitt answered the laugh by giggling and throwing an uppercut into the laugher 's face .
Jeremy Pitt swore to fight for his country and his queen .
Someone laughed near Jeremy Pitt .
Pitt , who watched the scene from the quarter-deck rail , tells us that his lordship was as grave as a parson at a hanging .
Pitt had never seen his lordship as grave as he was then .
Pitt swore that he did not get a glimpse of the scene .
Pitt witnessed how his lordship was serious during the scene .
The Colonel accepted it , and belatedly bowed , removing his broad hat .
The Colonel accepted a medal from the mayor of New York City .
The Colonel refused what he was being given and kept his hat on in a sign of defiance .
The Colonel was wearing a hat .
You have the effrontery to upbraid me because I will not take your hands when I know how they are stained ; when I know you for a murderer and worse ? He stared at her open-mouthed .
He believed the crime committed could have been genocide .
He chose not to take his hands because they are tainted with a crime .
He chose to take her hands because they were small , delicate , and most of all , clean .
He was allowed plainly to perceive that it was the graceful , elegant young trifler from St . James 's , Lord Julian Wade , to whom her every moment was devoted .
Lord Julian is from St . James 's .
She and Lord Julian Wade shared a kiss last night .
She is infatuated with Lord Julian Wade , despite his bumbling nature .
But . . . but . . . aboard this ship . . . ? The officer made a gesture of helplessness , and , surrendering to his bewilderment , fell abruptly silent .
The office screamed for minutes , enraged by the debauchery on his decks .
The officer was confused by what was happening aboard the ship .
The officer was shocked senseless by the vomiting onto the deck .
You are Lord Julian Wade , I understand , was his truculent greeting .
Lord Julian Wade provided a warm and welcoming greeting .
Lord Julian Wade welcomed others in a manner that would be considered truculent .
Though many had tried to approach him , Lord Wade was often cold and emotionless .
Mary Traill would tell you of it .
Mary Traill can tell you about the donkey .
Mary Traill knows about it .
Only I know about it .
There 's a gallows waiting for this rascal in Port Royal . Blood would have intervened at that , but Lord Julian forestalled him .
Blood is an international criminal organization based in Port Royal that Lord Julian contracts with for illicit purposes .
Lord Julian 's domain includes Port Royal , a trade city that is a hub of activity in the region .
Port Royal has facilities for punishing criminals .
It 'll not be Bishop himself , said Wolverstone , between question and assertion .
Wolverstone had asked a question that demonstrated his assertiveness to others .
Wolverstone had mentioned the Bishop to be one who was very pretty .
Wolverstone never said anything about the Bishop .
Will you cease your blather of mutiny and treason and courts-martial ? Blood put on his hat , and sat down unbidden .
Blood had a hat that he wore before sitting down .
Blood put on his hat , and left the room without saying anything .
Blood 's hat was black , with three eagle feathers on it .
Things had not sped at all well with him in the past fortnight since his acceptance of the King 's commission .
He slept soundly at night knowing he had rejected the King 's commission .
Keeping him up at night was the fact that he accepted the King 's commission .
The King 's commission was a very prestigious title with many responsibilities .
They are within range , cried Ogle .
Ogle said that they were reachable .
Ogle said that they were within earshot .
Though he knew that they were within range , Ogle kept it to himself .
I have sent for you , Captain Blood , because of certain news that has just reached me .
I have not heard any news , Captain Blood . Have you ?
I received some news before sending for you , Captain Blood .
The news I received shocked me to the core .
Why do you run , then ? she asked him coolly , standing slim and straight before him , all in white and very maidenly save in her unnatural composure .
Her composure looked unnatural because she had a backache
She didn 't ask anything , she told him to get out .
She was dressed in white when she asked : Why do you run , then ? .
You 'll return to it at once , and take your crew with you , or else . . . . But Ogle , violent of mien and gesture , interrupted him .
Ogle had a crew .
Ogle let him continue to speak .
Ogle was angry .
Well , well , maybe he 'll not find me quite so easy to grasp as he imagines .
He has never imagined grasping me .
He thinks grabbing me will be really simple .
I may not be as easy to grab as he thinks .
Don 't think I accept it willingly .
I accept it willingly .
I am not willing to accept it , but I could be convinced .
I don 't accept it willingly .
A murderer--I ? he said at last .
After a pause he said a murderer , I .
He hadn 't murdered anyone .
Immediately he said , A murderer , I .
Thoughtfully he stroked his golden beard .
He had a beard that was a gold color .
He had been growing his beard for years .
His face was clean-shaven .
It was she now who was on her defence , her voice quivering with indignation .
The woman had had enough of their bad behavior .
The woman was angry and defensive .
The woman was so delighted that she was speechless !
What better way ? he demanded .
He did not ask any questions , since he knew he had picked the best way .
He wanted to know if there was a better way .
He was convinced that he had chosen the best way .
He did not trouble to rise , not even when Lord Julian , obeying the instincts of finer breeding , set him the example .
He rose promptly , and proceeded to pull Lord Julian up to his feet .
He was feeling very tired , so he did not stand up .
Lord Julian rose , showing good manners , but he did not bother standing .
Life can be infernally complex , he sighed .
He let out a sign of resignation .
He remained silent as he complained about the simplicity of life .
Life is infernally complicated because of the many interactions one might have .
Wolverstone squared himself defiantly before his captain I 'll see Colonel Bishop in hell or ever I lies to for him . And he spat , presumably for purposes of emphasis .
Colonel Bishop has done something to make Wolverstone his enemy .
He spit on the ground in an effort to emphasize his point .
Wolverstone and Colonel Bishop were close friends .
I . . . I believe that he has , said Calverley , between doubt and suspicion .
Calverly responded in a way that made him seem like he was on-the-fence about something .
Calverly was only indecisive in his answer because he did not know all of the facts .
Cleverly spoke with clear decisiveness , knowing that he has with certainty .
And though he should dare attempt it , be sure that his own officers will not dare to do other than oppose him .
He has his own officers .
He is alone and has no officers .
His officers respect him .
Your resolve delivered me from a horrible danger , she admitted .
She did not want him to help her , though was grateful anyway .
She had told him that resolve was what it took to keep her away from peril .
The resolve did not protect her at all from any dangers .
It is an honourable service .
It is a distinguished and eminent service .
It is an honorable service because it 's about saving lives .
It isn 't an honorable service at all , it 's very embarrassing !
You 're not very civil , sir , as I have already noticed .
The man is acting uncivilized .
The man is calm and reasonable .
They are having a conversation .
Wait ! He swung back to face the Captain , who had placed a hand on is shoulder and was smiling , a trifle wistfully .
He had heard some exciting news .
He was looking away from the Captain and then turned around to see him .
The Captain was angry .
He looked up in surprise , and then sat conning her with brooding glance .
He kept his eyes down looking at the ground .
He was surprised by her .
She was braver than he expected .
But Pitt , although he shared it , was prompt to obey .
Pitt completely ignored what was asked of him .
Pitt is the name of a dog that is very obedient .
Pitt quickly followed the order .
He had been a fortnight in Port Royal , his ship virtually a unit now in the Jamaica squadron .
He had never been to Port Royal .
He spent 2 weeks in Port Royal .
He was doing repairs on his ship .
If you will go below , and get your gear and your woman , you shall presently be sent aboard one of the ships of the fleet . He pointed to the boat as he spoke .
The man was the captain of one of the ships .
There was a fleet of ships .
There were no ships in sight .
There 's a thorn or two left on me . And with a laugh Blood departed to his cabin .
Blood had been inside his cabin .
Blood was laughing because he was joyful .
Blood was scowling .
Believe me , I am very grateful .
I am definitely ungrateful to you .
I am grateful because you had done a lot for me .
One is certainly grateful .
We went about , and it 's been a race ever since .
It has always been a contest ever since we went about .
The race had begun ever since we were four .
There was never any race to begin with .
That was in Bridgetown on the night of the Spanish raid .
People were killed in the Spanish raid .
The Spanish raid was done at night .
There was never a raid on Bridgetown .
Blood broke the seal , and read .
Blood is a man .
The seal remained unbroken .
The seal was broken .
In that garden 's main avenue , that was fringed with palm and sandalwood , he had caught sight of Miss Bishop alone .
Miss Bishop was alone in the garden .
Miss Bishop went to the garden in order to contemplate her life .
There was absolutely no one at the garden whatsoever .
Mine is the safe and easy way .
My way is the most difficult .
Someone else 's way is difficult .
There is a way that is safe and easy .
Her presence at this moment , and considering the nature of his altercation with Wolverstone , was embarrassing .
She quickly fled the scene in order to avoid further scrutiny .
The fact that she was here after the fight with Wolverstone was considered an embarrassment .
Wolverstone never got into a dispute with her .
And who the devil may you be ? he exploded at last .
He had suddenly asked a question as to who you may be .
He quietly murmured to himself the whole time .
The person was actually the devil himself .
Colder still and more distant than ever grew his lordship 's voice .
As the lordship , he showed no mercy to his subjects .
His lordship spoke calmly to all giving the impression of a warm and gentle person .
The Lord 's voice felt both distant and chilling
Steady , Old Wolf ! Steady ! Captain Blood admonished him .
As he is experienced , Captain Blood helped boost morale amongst his crew members .
Captain Blood yelled to Old Wolf .
Let go ! Captain Blood yelled to Old Wolf .
Out of the tail of his single eye he had espied a trim figure in grey silk that was ascending the companion .
He has only one eye .
He has three eyes .
He only has a left eye .
No . Blood closed his telescope .
The blood came from a person 's eye as they had looked into the telescope .
There was blood around the telescope .
There was no sign of blood anywhere near the telescope .
And that was practically the end of the matter .
The matter had been resolved .
The matter remains unresolved .
The solution to the matter was more or less there .
 Swounds ! Perhaps you 'll explain yourself ? Whither has Wolverstone gone ?
I want you to explain yourself ! I know you know where Wolverstone is .
Wolverstone is right here . No explanation needed .
You should explain yourself ! What happened to Wolverstone ?
Since when have you commanded on the main deck , Ogle ? I take my orders from the Captain .
Ogle had attempted to give orders as though he were the Captain .
The Captain of the ship was feeling rather ill .
There was no one on the ship to give orders .
There 's no heaving to for such a matter as that unless you wants to make quite sure of our being sunk .
The ship will sink unless the crew acts fast .
There is a way for them to sink .
They can not possibly sink in any circumstance .
But Wolverstone would not stop .
The Wolverstone completely haulted .
The Wolverstone did not come to an end .
The Wolverstone was part of an elaborate ploy .
He beheld himself to be as the dog in the fable that had dropped the substance to snatch at a delusive shadow .
He never desired to be anything like that dog in that one fable .
The fable is as old as time .
There was once a story about a dog and a delusive shadow .
If it is a mistake to grant Captain Blood a commission , the mistake is not mine .
There might have been an error to give Captain Blood his commission .
There was no mistake in providing Captain Blood with his commission .
There was the potential for error as the accountant was recently fired .
Besides , how could their staying have helped me ? And as Pitt did not answer him : Ye see ? he said , and shrugged .
He had moved his shoulders in a sign of acceptance .
He told them that he could see it but it was not a big deal in the end .
It was clear that staying could have helped me , so no question was ever posed .
But it 'll be about the Old Wolf that he wants to see you .
He wants to see you about the Old Bear and not about the Old Wolf .
He wants to see you about the Old Wolf .
He wants to see you today about the Old Wolf .
I can 't think that it would make the least difference if he did , said his lordship gravely .
His choice was between buying 12 chickens or 3 oxen .
His lordship believed that either choice would have had a substantial impact .
Whether or not he chose to act , his lordship did not believe it would have changed anything .
Your words have rankled with him .
He did not like what you said .
He is going to punish you for those words .
He really enjoyed what you said .
England 's , she corrected him in reproof .
He was wrong and she said nothing .
She fixed his issue .
She was always tasked with correcting him .
But I suspect this gravity for a mask under which Lord Julian was secretly amused .
Julian looked serious but was actually amused .
Julian thought the situation was funny .
Julian was being clear about his feelings .
I hope your lordship begins at last to perceive the folly of granting the King 's commission to such a man as this against all my counsels .
The lordship just took my advice and carried his acts accordingly .
While the lordship was very smart , his grave mistake of not listening to my counsel will spell the end of the kingdom .
Your lordship has chosen to act in a manner against my advice .
Ah , now , can 't ye , indeed ? he cried .
He asked because he was rather shocked about the whole situation .
He had shouted a question .
He never posed a question as he remained silent .
Some o ' them dawcocks may believe that tale . He jerked a contemptuous thumb towards the men in the waist , whose ranks were steadily being increased by the advent of others from the forecastle .
People from the forecastle were joining the men in the waist .
Some people believed the tale that the princess had been eaten by a dragon .
The ranks of men were dwindling , as everyone headed towards the forecastle for dinner .
If anything it increased his excitement .
It decreased his excitement .
It made him more excited than he had ever been .
It made him more excited .
Then let them know that if they attempt to hinder our sailing hence , we 'll hang the doxy first and fight for it after .
There was no way of knowing if the boat would still move forward .
There was nothing able to slow down the ship .
We will attempt to battle over it , once we begin to sail .
Good-day to you , sir , Blood hailed him pleasantly .
Blood said nothing to the man he encountered .
Blood wished the man a good day .
The man was old .
Don 't you , by God ! And what else do you call this ? But as His Majesty 's Deputy-Governor of Jamaica , I 'll take leave to correct your mistake in my own way .
A person who is shouting decides to fix someone else 's mistake .
His Majesty 's Deputy-Governer of Jamaica is already dead .
One man told the other that he had done his work perfectly and that any mistakes were his own fault .
So ye 've come , the Deputy-Governor hailed him , and followed the greeting by a series of grunts of vague but apparently ill-humoured import .
I was expecting your arrival said the Deputy-Governor .
The Deputy-Governor was not necessarily expecting him , though greeted him anyways .
There was some remorse when the Deputy-Governor had waved hello .
That girl , there . He flung out a bare arm to point to her .
He didn 't have any arms so he asked someone else to point to the girl .
He pointed at the girl .
The girl had blonde hair .
Aye , said Ogle , that is true . But there were some who were still in open and frank revolt against the course .
Ogle never mentioned anyone who disliked the current course .
Some did not like the idea of the current course and refuted it , explicitly .
The course was full of territory that was left unexplored and was , therefore , very dangerous .
What I think of you can be a very little matter to you , sir . This was a disarming stroke .
It doesn 't matter what I think of you .
You might care what I think about you .
You should definitely care about what I think of you .
I 'll not be bubbled by what Wolverstone has said .
As many said before , Wolverstone was a simple man with few words .
I felt very bubbled by the words of Wolverstone .
Wolverstone had said something that did not make one feel bubbled .
About him in the waist , where all last night had been so peaceful , there was a frenziedly active bustle of some threescore men .
The night was considered restful though , there was a lot of commotion later on .
The night was extremely busy as the streets were packed with people .
This evening was busier than usual because of an event being hosted .
I cannot think why you should trouble to put yourself on your defence , she discouraged him .
Encouraging this , she had found many reasons as to why one would trouble themselves to defend you .
She had discouraged any form of defense that was applicable to you .
The defense that was put forth by her was insufficient .
Bid them take in sail , Jeremy , he said quietly .
He spoke with a soft tone .
Jeremy shouted very loudly to get their attention .
Jeremy was a pirate for his entire life .
You 'll not go ? he said , between question and assertion .
Are you not going ? He asked .
Please do not go ! He begged .
Why are you not leaving right now ? He grunted .
He sought comfort in a line on the open page before him : levius fit patientia quicquid corrigere est nefas . Sought it , but hardly found it .
He found little safety through reading the passage on the page .
The language described in the pages are of a language native to the land .
There was some foreign language in the pages before him .
For myself , I am entirely of Wolverstone 's opinion .
I admit that I have disagreed with Wolverstone before .
I completely side with Wolverstone on this matter .
I have never heard of a person called Wolverstone .
See it manned for me .
It should be controlled by someone .
See that no one mans it for me .
The boat 's cannons were currently unmanned .
He stopped short at sight of Captain Blood , and saluted him , as was his due , but the smile that lifted the officer 's stiff mostachios was grimly sardonic .
Captain Blood was nowhere to be found .
He could see Captain Blood .
The officer had a mustache .
Ha ! Wolverstone vented an ejaculation of sneering mirth .
Wolverstone did not laugh .
Wolverstone laughed .
Wolverstone thought that was funny .
After looking around these collections , climb the hill to the Commissioner 's House , where you will find fine views of the surrounding coastline and the rest of the dockyard complex .
You can see boats at the top of the hill .
You can see views of the coastline at the top of the hill .
You cannot see the coast from the top of the hill .
The San Francisco Ballet has its main season at the Opera House in the spring , but also puts on performances during December .
In the fall and summer , the San Francisco Ballet is on break .
The NYC Ballet has performances in June .
The San Francisco Ballet has performances during more than one season .
Behind the South American area you 'll find the Perfume Factory , where you can create your own personal fragrance .
The Perfume Factory has been in production since 1954 .
The Perfume Factory is behind the South African Area .
`The Perfume Factory is in front of the South African area .
Hopes were raised , and also fizzled , over Bahamian citrus and pineapple .
Althrough the pineapples tasted great the shipping costs were too high to bring them to market .
The Bahamian citrus was just a huge success , just as everyone had predicted .
The Bahamian citrus was not as great as everyone had hoped .
Go beyond these sights to Nathaniel Hawthorne 's House of the Seven Gables .
The Seven Gables is the best sight to see .
There are more sights to see .
You must not go beyond these sights .
The sound , some 3 km  2 miles  in diameter , is thought to be a huge caldera that formed after a powerful volcanic eruption .
The 2 mile sound could have been caused by many things , including a volcanic eruption .
The 2 mile sound was definitely not caused by a volcanic eruption .
The 2 mile sound was probably caused by a volcanic eruption .
There the scene is less relaxed and the language problem might daunt you , but at least you 'll be able to catch a glimpse of Chinese consumer society .
It is a good idea to have a translator with you .
There is a language problem that might intimidate you .
You do not have to worry about language issues there , since everyone speaks English .
Elsewhere in the prince 's garden , in a modern building called the Sailor 's House  Casa de Marinos  , you can find out what became of the quaint Tagus squadron of the royal fleet .
The Sailor 's House is an ancient building found in the prince 's garden .
The Sailor 's House was designed by a famous Italian architect .
The prince 's garden is home to the building called the Sailor 's House .
Between 1936 and 1940 Greece was under the military dictatorship of Ioannis Metaxas , remembered for the resounding echi  no  he gave in reply to Mussolini 's ultimatum to surrender in 1940 .
Greece has never been ruled by a military dictator .
Greece is one of the countries in the world that has had a dictator .
Greece 's economy did not do so well under the military dictatorship of Metaxas .
The simplicity of Sant Pau 's Romanesque lines is an agreeable change from the extravagance of Barcelona 's modernisme and the intricacies of Gothic architecture .
Sant Pau does not have Romanesque lines .
Sant Pau has Romanesque lines .
Sant Pau has churches .
A flick of a tail or fluke , and it 's gone .
It is easily intimidated by any sudden movements .
It is fearless , and will not be moved by anything .
The slightest movement and that 's it ; it is gone .
An extensive program of refurbishment is due to be finished by late 2001 .
The refurbishment program will end before the year 2001 begins .
The refurbishment program will not be done till well after the year 2000 ends .
When the refurbishment program ends , it will have lasted five years .
The staff is working on a program to increase the numbers of flamingos in the US Virgin Islands , and you will find a small flock here successfully breeding each year .
The staff works to eliminate the flamingos .
The staff works to increase how many flamingos are on the island so they can recover from near extinction .
The staff works to increase how many flamingos are on the island .
Singel was once the outer barrier for the medieval city , but as the city expanded , Herengracht  Gentleman 's Canal  , Keizersgracht  Emperor 's Canal  , and Prinsengracht  Princes ' Canal  enlarged the web .
Singel was a tourist location .
Singel was an inner city .
Singel was an outer barrier .
The rugged mountains of the Serra de Tramuntana sweep down to the sea so steeply here that there are few points of access and only one harbor and port of any size along the coast .
The mountains constantly have landslides for the harbors aren 't easily built there .
The mountains make it hard to build harbors .
There are 27 harbors along the mountains
The crumbling faaades of apartments , hotels , and bargain basement shops line Karl-Marx-Allee leading southeast from Alex .
Karl-Marx-Allee has seen better days .
Karl-Marx-Allee is falling apart .
Karl-Marx-Allee is in pristine shape .
Culebra was known as the Spanish Virgin Island until the American takeover it lies halfway between Puerto Rico and St . Thomas in the US Virgin Islands .
Culebra is halfway between Puerto Rico and St . Thomas in the US Virgin Islands .
Culebra is located nowhere near Puerto Rico and St . Thomas in the US Virgin Islands .
Culebra is somewhere between Puerto Rico and St . Thomas in the US Virgin Islands .
Umeda marks the northern end of the business and entertainment district popularly known as Kita  meaning simply North  , and is the very essence of modern Osaka 's hustle and bustle .
Umeda is not part of the entertainment district .
Umeda is the largest part of the entertainment district .
Umeda is the north end of the entertainment district .
Cete de Charlevoix is part of the Laurentian heights , reaching to the Saguenay River where the coureurs de bois turned off in search of furs .
The Saguenay River was part of the coal market .
The Saguenay River was part of the fur trade by the French to the Spanish .
The Saguenay River was part of the fur trade .
The third member of the Hindu trinity is Brahma , whose only task was to create the world .
Brahma is a Christian apostle .
Brahma is part of the Hindu trinity .
Brahma is the most important part of the trinity .
Pedro took the throne , though armed struggle continued for months and the lingering bitterness long after that .
10000 people died in the war .
The war was months long .
The war was over in just a day .
A few hundred heroic troops under Leonidas of Sparta delayed the enormous Persian army at the pass of Thermopylae long enough for the Athenians to be evacuated to the island of Salamis .
The Spartans defeated the Persians at Thermopylae .
The Spartans delayed the Persian army at Thermopylae .
The Spartans killed many of the Persian army at Thermopylae .
The massive courtyards and pavilions above Yongle 's burial chambers have been restored , and they house some of the Ming Tombs ' excavated treasures , including imperial armor .
Some of the antiques are shown .
You can touch some of the imperial armor .
You can 't see anything old on display .
In the center of the square is Joachim Schmettau 's granite Weltkugelbrunnen  or Fountain of the World  , which locals have gaily christened the aquatic dumpling .
Weltkugelbrunnen is made of aluminum .
Weltkugelbrunnen is made of granite that is very black and shiny .
Weltkugelbrunnen is made of granite .
Opposite , in the Cite de la Musique are the Musee de la Musique and a giant concert hall , the Zenith .
The Zenith hosts 1000 concerts a year .
The Zenith is a big concert hall .
The Zenith is a train station .
Louisa May Alcott and Nathaniel Hawthorne resided on Pinckney Street , while Beacon Street which Oliver Wendell Holmes dubbed the sunny street that holds the sifted few boasted historian William Prescott .
Hawthorne lived on Main Street .
Hawthorne lived on Pinckney Street for 7 years .
Hawthorne lived on Pinckney Street .
A little way along from Boot you 'll find the terminus of the Ravenglass and Eskdale Railway , or La 'al Ratty , as it 's affectionately known .
Boot is a small city .
Boot is near the La 'al Ratty .
Boot is very far from all of the railways .
Kuala Perlis , south of the state capital , Kangar , is the departure point for the less than an hour 's ferry journey to Langkawi .
Kuala Perlis was 17 miles south .
Kuala Perlis was straight north of Kangar .
Kuala Perlis was to the south .
Its entrance is guarded by two 14th-century towers reamainaing from the town 's fortifications .
The two towers were built with limestone .
There are two towers that were built in the 14th century .
There is only one tower and it 's brand new .
702 / 369-1540  the oldest coffeehouse in Las Vegas and , according to some , still the best in all its Bohemian glory .
One Vegas coffee house was built in 1940 .
There 's one coffee house in Vegas that 's older than the rest .
Vegas has no coffee houses .
May such terror terrify those in thrall to earthly error , for the horror of these images tells what awaits them .
Bad things will happen to those people .
The pictures show what lovely things will happen to them .
Those people will be killed immediately .
The first Westerner to reach Hawaii was Captain James Cook , the British commander whose mission was to disacover the mythic Northwest Passage linking the Atlantic and Pacific oceans .
James Cook never went west of California .
James Cook traveled to Hawaii .
James Cook went to every Hawaiian island .
Several small temples can be found here .
There are no temples in the areas .
There are some little temples .
There are some tiny temples only one person can fit in .
As you pass through them you may see an old chimney breaking above the tree line , a sure sign that the village was once part of a hacienda .
The chimney is not an indicator that the village used to be part of a hacienda .
The chimney , among other things , indicate the village used to be part of a hacienda .
The chimneys indicate the village was part of a hacienda .
Be sure to see the 1887 a5 coin , which caused consternation among British subjects of the time .
The a5 coin is incredibly rare .
The a5 coin was British .
The a5 coin was from China .
The acoustics inside the tomb are very precise , exaggerating the sound of your approaching fellow visitors .
The acoustics are great for singing .
The acoustics are just a mess in that place .
The acoustics make things loud .
These instruments played together form the basic orchestra for several popular musical genres .
The instruments are violin , bass , and saxophone .
The orchestra consists of the instruments mentioned before .
The orchestra does not use instruments at all .
The faaade of the Temple of Ramses II is one of the most enduring images of Egypt and though you may have seen them in photographs , they are truly breathtaking in reality .
The faaade was in King Tut 's tomb .
The faaade was in the Temple of Ramses II and is made of solid gold .
The faaade was in the Temple of Ramses II .
Don 't fire unless fired upon !
Fire if you think that you need to at any time .
Only shoot if someone near you has a gun and fires a shot at your head .
Only shoot if you have to .
A series of fishing competitions make up a season for the rich , bright , and beautiful , who descend to fish during the day and enjoy the lively social scene after dark .
PEople like to party after the fish .
People go fishing and then go right to sleep .
People like to drink a lot of beer at the bars after they go fishing .
Nearer to Syntagma , in Koloktroni Square , is the National Historical Museum with a collection of artifacts dating from post-Classical times .
The National Historical Museum has a lot of artifacts from post-Classical times .
The National Historical Museum has some old farm equipment .
The National Historical Museum only has recent things .
At the outbreak of war , Canada 's reputation for welcoming immigrants and refugees from all over the world was tarnished by the blocking of Communists and Jews from Hitler 's Germany .
Canada has never welcomed refugees .
Canada was known for welcoming immigrants and refugees .
Canada welcomed refugees from African countries the most .
Also check out Star Computer City in the Star House near the Star Ferry terminal .
Computer CIty is not located in the Star House .
Computer City is located in the Star House .
Computer City is the most impressive thing in the Star House .
Flanking it , a modern octagonal church to the east and a chapel and hexagonal tower to the west represent the city 's post-war rebirth .
A church , chapel , and hexagonal tower represent the city 's post-war rebirth .
The marketplace represents the city 's post-war rebirth .
These structures were built by the greatest architect in the world .
As a Protestant , Pierre du Calvet was appointed by the British justice of the peace but then ended up in jail himself for selling supplies and information to the American invaders .
Pierre was appointed but had to arrest himself for selling to the Americans .
Pierre was arrested for selling to the Americans among other things .
Pierre was never arrested .
The nearby streets Mallorca , Valencia , and Provenaa are also overflowing with interesting shops .
The shops all serve some of the best food in the city .
The shops in the nearby streets are interesting .
The shops nearby are duller than any others around .
Just a few blocks in back of the malecen are a growing collection of unique clubs with a more urban edge .
The collection is growing , but not as fast as it did last year .
The collection of clubs is dull and looks the same as all the others .
The growing collection of clubs are unique and have a more urban edge .
Detour to see the mansion designed by McKim Mead
McKim Mead designed the mansion .
The mansion cost 2 million dollars to build .
The mansion was built by Adam Sandler .
You will find the Brehan Museum  dedicated to Art Deco and Art Nouveau  in a former infantry barracks opposite the Egyptian museum .
The museum is across the street from the Egyptian museum .
The museum is near the Egyptian museum .
The museum is very far from the museum about Egypt .
On weekends you can join the locals in the Parque de Palapas , where the strains of rock , salsa , and folk music can blend together into a bewildering cacophony .
The Parque de Palapas is where people have barbecues all the time .
The locals can be joined during the weekends in the Parque de Palapas .
You can 't ever go to the Parque de Palapas , it is forbidden .
The find that caught the whole world 's imagination was made by one James Wilson Marshall , a carpenter , at John Sutter 's sawmill on the American River at Coloma , which lies midway between Sacramento and Lake Tahoe .
James Wilson Marshall did nothing special .
James Wilson Marshall did something special .
James Wilson Marshall invented something .
Henceforth , national unity always played second fiddle to ethnic , religious , and above all economic regional interests .
National unity doesn 't matter at all .
National unity is more important than everything else combined .
National unity is never the first priority .
The jagged ridges of Montserrat rise out of the rather featureless Llobregat plain 62 kilometers  38 miles  northwest of Barcelona , in the very heart of Catalonia .
The Montesserant is a river .
The Montesserat are mountains .
The Mountesserat mountains are the tallest in the area .
Special coupons are handed out aggressively on the beaches during the day , in hopes of luring the biggest crowd that night .
Coupons are given out on the beach at night , hoping for customers the next day .
Coupons are given out on the beach , hoping for long term customers .
Coupons are given out on the beach , hoping to attract customers at night .
Have a look at Passeig de Gracia to the east , especially the carrers Diputacie , Consell de Cent , Mallorca , and Valancia as far as the Mercat de la Concepcie market .
The market is called Mercat de la Cantaloupe .
The market sells lots of fruits and vegetables .
There is a market called Mercat de la Concepcie .
Between the island and the mainland is Laguna Nichupte , a huge seawater lagoon bounded by mangrove swamps that are havens to numerous species of wildlife .
Lagun Nichupte is a desert .
Laguna Nichupte is 10 acres of water .
Laguna Nichupte is a body of water .
The town of Alaior , a mass of white houses clustered on a low hill , looks at a distance like an Arab or Andalusian village .
Alaior has 100 white houses .
Alaior has a lot of white houses .
Alaior is all little black houses .
The area of greatest interest to visitors is the small old quarter that surrounds the cathedral , which sits on a small hill overlooking the bay .
The visitors all stay far away from the cathedral .
Visitors like the area around the cathedral .
Visitors like the flowers around the cathedra .
The Gorges d 'Apreamont  near the little town of Barbizon , famed as a haunt of 19th-century landscape painters  tend to be less crowded .
The towns around Barbizon are the most populated .
There are only 10 people in Gorges d 'Apreamont .
There aren 't as many people in the towns near Barbizon .
Pilgrims would buy honey cakes for this snake and leave them at the temple entrance for it to enjoy .
The snake eventually died from complications related to diabetes .
The snake lived near the entrance to the temple and ate honey cakes .
The snake would only eat pilgrims attempting to gain access to the temple .
Little is known of the earliest Stone Age inhabitants of Europe 's southwestern extremity .
10000 people lived in Europe in the Stone Age .
PEople didn 't move to Europe until 1000 years after the Stone Age .
Peopel lived in Europe during the Stone Age .
Just so long as you don 't object to being shown up by the resident ten-year-old experts .
The ten year olds are idiots .
The ten year olds know all about science .
The ten year olds know what they 're talking about .
Today the site is called the Temple of Heaven Park  Tiantan Gongyuan  .
Temple of Heaven Park is kind of new .
Temple of Heaven Park was named that in 2010 .
The Temple of Heaven Park burned down .
For film buffs , the most interesting display will be the collection of old nickelodeons , autoscopes , and movieola machines that projected the very first moving pictures .
Old nickelodeons are boring for film buffs .
Old nickelodeons are interesting for film buffs .
Old nickelodeons should be owned by film buffs .
Continuing east , you pass the unprepossessing modern faaade of the Komische Oper , one of Berlin 's most important opera companies .
The Komische Oper is in Australia .
The Komische Oper is in Germany .
The Komische Oper is the most famous one in Germany .
Miramar , a pleasant residential quarter with fine family homes , benefits from its position alongside the Isla Grande commuter airport .
Miramar has pretty homes .
Miramar is a dump .
Miramar is where rich people live .
If you 're looking for an evening alternative to Harvard Square , head to Hispanic-flavored Inman Square , located down Cambridge Street .
Harvard Square is dangerous at night .
Harvard Square is the best at night .
Harvard Square isn 't great at night .
The Great Depression hit California hard .
California was really hurt by the bad economy .
California 's economy has always thrived .
No one in California had jobs .
The spirit of liberalism prevalent in Europe was tardy in reaching Spain .
Liberalism came to spain in 1920 .
Liberalism didn 't come to Spain until later .
Spain has never been liberal .
Cynicism dissolves with your first taste of the town 's gentle ambience , created by a clever combination of the comforts of sophisticated modernity with the simpler joys of the wilderness at its back door .
The town is an angry , terrible place .
The town is friendly .
The town is so pleasant I never want to leave .
Still there is shade and a flower garden in the middle of the square where locals and visitors alike rendezvous for lunch or dinner dates .
People like to eat meals in the garden .
People line up to eat in the garden .
THe garden is smelly so no one wants to eat in it .
At night there are many good restaurants , clubs , and theaters to enjoy , and by day there is the glorious beach , complete with an amusement pier , antique carousel , and the nearby shopping arcades .
There are a lot of 4 star restaurants .
There are a lot of place to go both day and night .
There is nothing to do there at night .
Beside the cruise port is Flag Hill , rising 700 ft  214 m  above sea level .
Flag Hill his very high compared to the rest of town .
Flag Hill is above the sea level .
Flag Hill is below sea level .
s great historic moment came in 1864 , when its capital , Charlottetown , hosted a meeting of Maritime leaders with delegates from Ontario and Quebec to chart the path to Canada 's federal status as a united dominion .
Charlottetown hosted leaders who were changing the maritime industry .
Charlottetown hosted leaders .
Charlottetown was most famous in 2019 .
Another important defeat took place at Rocroi , in Flanders , in 1643 , when Spanish troops , never to regain their former glory , were routed by the French .
Rocroi is where the Spanish people won .
Rocroi saw 1000 Spanish troops killed .
Rocroi was where the Spanish were beaten .
Next to the church is all that remains of Contra-Aquincum an excavated square with benches and a small display of tablets and reliefs found on the site .
The square had nowhere to sit .
There 's a square near the church .
There 's a square that has ten benches in it .
There are also plenty of venues for more risque or avant-garde performances .
All of the venues have child-friendly events .
There are places that have strip tease shows .
There are places to that have adult performances .
Ask your travel agency or the Berlin tourist office for details of upcoming programs , and book in advance where possible .
It 's best to book 6 months ahead of your visit .
It 's best to book early .
You can just book when you are there .
Back in town , a waterfront stroll takes you through Chinatown on Jalan Bandar .
Chinatown is on the water in San Diego .
Chinatown is on the water .
Chinatown is very far from the water .
Later it held courts of law , and justice was dispensed here .
IT was just for church .
It had court held there for divorces and family matters .
It had court held there .
Just east of the Star Ferry terminal , you 'll come to City Hall .
City Hall is 2 blocks east of the terminal .
City Hall is near the ferry terminal .
City Hall is very far from the terminal .
Without doubt , the initial lure of the city is its numerous historic buildings .
The city also has a university and a harbor that are interesting .
The city was just constructed a few years ago and does not have much history .
There are many historical buildings that are interesting .
The principal shopping and strolling avenues are the elegant Passeig de Gracia , Barcelona 's version of the Champs d 'Elysee , and pedestrian-only Rambla de Catalunya , an uptown segment of La Rambla .
Commercial activity and pedestrians are prohibited in Passeig de Gracia .
Shopping prices in these areas are slightly higher than other nearby areas .
There are shopping areas in the uptown segment of La Rambla .
Human resources systems were consolidated and new corporate structures were quickly defined to ensure continued support to the enlarged customer base .
By consolidating human resources systems , room was created for new corporate structures .
Corporate structures were created .
Human resource systems were expanded beyond their previous state .
Although funding strategies can be improved , funding is available for this work .
There are resources available for these tasks .
There is no available funding for the work .
There is not enough funding for the work .
The statistics on rural routes presented in this paper are based on the 1989 National Mail Count data . c
The statistics in this paper are based on a 2001 report .
The statistics in this paper are outdated .
This paper includes data on rural routes .
Executives could also receive a rating of provisional or fail for each element .
Each element the executive is tested on could result in different ratings .
Executives can 't fail .
Executives must get rated well in order to continue .
A subject that is discussed during the entry interview is the household 's reaction to advertising mail .
Disagreeing in the entry interview won 't get you the job .
The entry interview doesn 't mention anything about advertising mail .
The entry interview includes a bit about how people react to advertising mail .
189 and the user costs are estimated in the same way .
They guessed about the user cost .
They guessed the user costs were $ 10000 .
They knew the exact user costs .
For example , in GGD , a design study was done as a separate job , culminating
A design study never occurred .
A design study was conducted in isolation .
The design study was not successful .
All nine responding agencies report participation in a
Only two of the nine agencies bothered to respond to our questions about participation .
There were nine agencies that responded affirmatively that they participated .
These nine agencies are pleased that they had such a high participation level .
Since 1996 , households ' wealthincome ratio has increased rapidly-peaking at 6 . 4 in 1999 .
Households all earned $ 10000 more last year .
Households have been losing a lot of wealth .
Households have gotten a lot more wealthincome ratio .
In the subclass approach , the basic and the workshare category are each given a percentage markup over cost , in order to obtain their average rate .
The basic category is more than cost .
The price is 10 % more than cost .
The price is always less than cost .
It is the duty of a CIO to manage expectations and help ensure that all members of a CIO organization have a clear understanding of their responsibilities .
The CIO has many duties , including managing expectations and making sure members understand their responsibilities .
The CIO has no idea what the responsibilities of members are and isn 't responsible for informing them .
The CIO must communicate frequently with members to outline their responsibilities .
19 Assuming four months of work prior to contract award , a total elapsed time of 13 months would have been necessary to retrofit this 675 MWe boiler .
It only took two months to retrofit it .
It took 13 months to retrofit the boiler for the submarine .
It took 13 months total to retrofit the boiler .
The shortage of skilled IT workers in the current market environment is often a major reason for leading organizations to outsource .
There are way too many IT workers .
There aren 't enough IT workers because they all went to India .
There aren 't enough IT workers to fill the jobs .
It is not possible to know the extent or direction of the bias in the total incidence change based on the general application of a single C-R function everywhere .
It 's obvious how much bias there is .
You can 't know how much bias exists because it 's hard to separate from other outside influences .
You cant know how much bias there is .
The technical cost effects , due to the work being done by a party that may do it at a higher cost , are also calculated in the same way as before .
The technical cost effects are figured one way .
They haven 't figured out how to calculate technical cost effects .
They use the historical data to calculate the technical cost effects .
Practice 4 : Manage Risk on a Continuing Basis
Chapter four contains a practice exercise on managing risk .
The book contains no information about long term risk management .
This exercise must be completed and turned in by the end of the week .
, the Regional Haze RIA and the NOx SIP Call RIA  , the low-end estimate of benefits assumed a threshold in PM health effects at 15 : g / m3 .
They estimated the benefits .
They had rough estimate of the benefits but it was likely wrong .
They had no idea how to estimate the benefits .
Some facility owners have been innovative in their construction plans to minimize down time .
Downtime can be reduced by using innovative construction plans .
Facility owners are not concerned with minimizing down time .
More efficient inventory storage is a key part of minimizing down time .
In addition , program personnel conduct various workshops for and make educational materials available to new providers .
Program personnel cut all the workshops last year .
Program personnel host workshops for ELL students .
Program personnel host workshops .
49 A wage premium allows cream skimmers to obtain an efficiency / cost advantage simply by paying the prevailing wage .
Skimmers are usually doing something illegal but they get away with it .
Skimmers can get ahead by paying what everyone else does .
Skimmers pay a lot more than everyone else .
For example , employees could be required to use the agencydesignated charge card for hotel and certain other costs .
Employees didn 't have a charge card to use .
Employees needed to charge all their food to the card .
Employees would need to use the charge card for the hotel .
LSC-funded attorneys would be required to monitor the movements of their clients , and to withdraw from cases whenever their alien clients leave the United States .
Attorneys get paid by the LSC if they are working in terrorism .
Some attorneys get paid by the LSC .
The LSC only funds medical students .
29 Therefore , 21 months should be a reasonable , and in some cases a conservative estimate of the total time necessary to retrofit a single utility boiler .
It could never take less than 21 months .
It should take about 21 months to retrofit a single utility boiler .
Retrofitting a boiler can be done in just a few days .
This has been true in primary care settings as well .
That happened in primary care , too .
That only happens in specialists .
There were unpaid bills in primary care as well .
But her work on the bench affects the lives of the underprivileged , as Zelon puts it , one by one .
Her work as a judge helped poor minorities in New York .
Her work as a judge helped poor people .
Her work was focused on rich people .
The welfare effects on the mailers who shift are calculated in the same way as in the above section on profits .
They calculate the welfare effects like they do how much money they make .
They calculate welfare effects quickly on a calculator .
They don 't know how to calculate welfare effects .
For example , in 1983 the Old-Age and Survivors Insurance trust fund borrowed from the Disability Insurance and Hospital Insurance trust funds .
The trust fund borrowed money because it was running at a huge deficit .
The trust fund has never needed to borrow .
The trust fund needed to borrow money .
1  Increasing penetration of alternative modes of communication
Alternate communication makes up 60 % of communication now .
Everyone just uses letters .
Other modes of communication are becomming more popular .
The estimates derived from the long-term exposure studies , which account for a major share of the benefits in the Base Estimate , are not affected .
The estimates all look at people who are exposed just once .
The estimates deal with long-term exposure , so the short-term is probably a lot less .
The estimates deal with long-term exposure .
Efficacy trials are the first step , but implementation of proven alcohol screening and brief intervention systems in hospital- and community-based settings has been the most difficult part of the process .
First you do an efficacy trial .
First you 'll need to test the efficacy of an intervention .
The efficacy test is the last step .
Second , the ED is a fast-paced environment in which providers cannot easily find time to conduct brief alcohol interventions , even if they have the training , skills , and desire to do so .
The ED is leisurely and relaxed .
Things move really fast in the ED because they see 2000 patients a week .
Things move really fast in the ED .
This is a large challenge and a large expectation for any one system of intervention .
Every kind of intervention has challenges , but some have much more than others .
Most interventions are perfect .
One kind of intervention has a big challenge , no matter what .
When the travel voucher is being processed , the automated system could compare the information on the actual charges processed by the charge card company with those claimed on the voucher .
When the travel voucher is used , the system can compare the info to make sure there is no fraud .
When the travel voucher is used , the system can compare the info .
When the travel voucher is used , the system freaks out and won 't work .
The use of technology may reduce the time needed for providers and staff to personally provide screening and intervention services and target patients who can derive benefit from the brief intervention messages .
Technology can reduce how long providers and staff need to screen people by up to 80 % .
Technology can reduce how long providers and staff need to screen people .
Technology doesn 't help screening at all .
12HEI sponsored the multi-city the National Morbidity , Mortality , and Air Pollution Study  NMMAPS  .
12HEI is on a license plate .
12HEI is related directly to air pollution .
12HEI was a sponsor for the project .
I would be pleased to respond to any questions that the Members of the Subcommittee may have .
I don 't take questions .
I like to talk about my work so I would love to answer questions .
I 'd love to answer questions .
The resources we are requesting for fiscal year 2002 are critical to sustaining our high-level of performance and service to the Congress .
We are requesting the $ 3billion we need .
We are requesting the money we need for this year .
We didn 't ask for any money this year .
TABLE A . - TOTAL MERCURY ALLOWANCES ALLOCATED OR AUCTIONED FOR EGUS
Mercury can 't be above 10 ppm .
Mercury has allowances that are set .
There are no rules about mercury .
Figure 3 shows the basic results for the two models .
Figure 3 shows how the models calculate the incomes .
Figure 3 shows the rate of growth of the city .
Figure 3 shows what the models do .
In this hybrid , the CEO assigns central control to a corporate CIO and supporting CIO organization , while delegating specific authority to each business unit for managing its own unique information management requirements .
A supporting CIO and corporate CIO might share control of a company in some organizations .
Corporate CIOs are generally paid less than CEOs .
In hybrid organizations the CEO maintains direct central control of the organization .
C-R functions may also be estimated with or without explicit thresholds .
C-R functions can be estimated a couple different ways and then published for the reader to decide .
C-R functions can be estimated a couple different ways .
C-R functions can never be estimated .
In addition , few postal administrations pay their employees as large a wage premium as does the U . S .
In many countries postal employees make less than five dollars a day .
Postal employees in the US make much less money that postal workers in other countries .
The US pays postal employees better than most countries .
We have already come a long way , and much is left to do .
Everything is finally done and we have nothing more to do .
There are exactly five more tasks that must still be accomplished .
We still have things to do even tho we have come so far .
Dr . Gentilello recommends the development of an ED alcohol research center .
An ED alcohol research center is recommended by some .
Dr . Gentilello believes that too much money is already devoted to research .
This research center would employ up to ten people .
The United States Bureau of the Census has grouped the 1990 Census of Population and Housing data using 5-Digit ZIP Codes .
The United States Census Bureau has organized its data by Zip Code since the 1960s .
The data concerning Population and Housing gathered in the 1990 Census is organized by ZIP Code .
There was no United States Census conducted in 1990 .
Significant differences were noted , however , as
The differences were so significant that they were written down .
There was absolutely no detectable difference .
There were apparent , notable differences .
Even if withdrawal were allowed , this may not protect the attorney from ethical obligations to vigorously represent the client , or from claims of malpractice .
If an attorney withdraws from a case they will be free from all obligation and liability .
Nationally , attorneys withdraw from only five percent of all cases .
The attorney may face liability even if they withdraw from the case .
We look forward to your continued support and working even more closely with you and your staff this year and in fiscal year 2002 .
We intend to sever our relationship with your organization effective immediately .
We worked closely with seven different employees this year .
You have done something to support us in this past year .
Requiring attorneys to monitor the movements of eligible aliens at all times of the year would impose monumental burdens on LSC grantees .
If this requirement were put in place the number of LSC grantees would fall by 80 percent .
It would be a trivial matter for attorney to monitor eligible aliens at all times .
It would be allot of work to monitor a group of people at all times .
As the state contracts out more of its information technology and management functions , it is also essential that it have good contract management expertise .
By next year the state will have outstanding contracts totally five million dollars per year .
It is important to manage contracts well when signing more contracts .
The state does not need to worry about managing contracts .
This is a demand curve , conditional on the constraint that the discount remains the same , under which condition no mailers will shift to workshared .
The demand curve depends on the discount being the same .
The demand curve isn 't dependent on anything .
The demand curve won 't change this month .
Following public comment , the Title V operating permit is not made final until compliance testing on the control device is completed .
The control device needs to be completed first .
The public are banned from commenting .
Title V is a very important document .
Employer entity contributions to social insurance programs .
Employers donate to food assistance programs .
Employers give to social programs .
Employers keep their money to themselves .
change are staff downsizing , changes in contract methods , and business
They 're firing half the employees .
They 're firing some people .
They 're hiring like crazy !
The Title V operating permit must also be made available for public comment .
Not everyone ants to allow public comments .
Public comment must be allowed .
There is no need to allow the public to comment .
In contrast , the impact of volume is greater in the U . S . than in France because the U . S . has lower postal densities and a greater variation in volumes .
The impact in France is greater than that in the United States .
The impact in France is increasing .
There is a much greater impact of volume in the United States .
and internal control in either of two 6
Internal controls don 't exist .
Some cars have internal controls .
Some have internal controls .
For clients who are illiterate in any language , materials would have to be carefully explained to them .
Illiterate people are very common and we need a plan to deal with them .
Illiterate people can figure it out on their own .
Illiterate people wouldn 't understand the materials .
The cooperation between the program and the integrity divisions is the vehicle by which emerging issues are addressed .
The groups never speak to each other .
The two groups work together to make sure they aren 't missing any important pieces .
The two groups work together .
Managing Change in the Postal and Delivery Industries , Ed .
Change in the Postal and Delivery Industries needs to be managed .
Change in the Postal and Delivery Industries happen organically and do not need to be managed .
There are people whose only job is to manage the changes in the Postal and Delivery Industries .
When Babcock & amp ; Wilcox retrofitted the 675 MWe AES Somerset boiler , the outage began on May 14 , and the boiler was returned to service on June 26 - about a six-week outage .
The outage should have ended much sooner .
There was a six-week service outage .
There was no boiler service outage .
We need these additional resources to continue our efforts to further strengthen GAO and be a model organization for the rest of the federal government and accountability organizations around the world .
We want to make GAO fall apart .
We want to make GAO stronger because it has a lot of problems right now .
We want to make GAO stronger .
Additional time is usually needed to develop the action plan .
They can develop the plan faster than expected .
They usually need another year to implement the plan .
They usually need more time to create the action plan .
In most cases , the concentration-response relationship may be overestimated ; in other cases , it may be underestimated .
A new method of estimating the concentration-response relationship is needed .
The concentration-response relationship is rarely figured out exactly .
The effects of the concentration-response relationship are rarely overestimated .
They include a stable federal budgetary future , technological innovation , and improvements in the operations and service provision of government agencies .
Improvements in the operations of government agencies were included .
There should have been been more things included .
They did not include technological innovation .
One size fits all does not work in brief interventions , just as it does not work in clinical practice in general .
Every case needs to have a specific person working on it .
One size fits all is not a good policy in clinical practice .
One size fits all when it comes to brief interventions .
In other words , when households ' existing assets increase in value , people can save less from current income and still achieve their wealth-income target .
A household 's existing assets have no bearing on the amount of money from income that needs to be saved .
Increased value in existing assets can lower the amount of savings from income that is needed .
It is wise to continue saving the same amount as always .
The plan should also identify the acquisition method , key go / no-go points , a formal training plan , and a contingency plan to minimize losses .
A contingency plan to minimize losses should be included in the the plan .
The plan does not need to contain a training program .
The plan should also include a budget .
Figure 6 displays the average unit costs generated with the cost function for the USPS .
The average cost for USPS is shown in figure 6 and shows all the profits .
The average cost for USPS is shown in figure 6 .
The costs are shown in figure 9 for USPS .
It made sense for the state to outsource tactical functions such as help desks and mainframe management .
The state does not outsource any functions .
The state outsourced things like help desks and mainframe management .
There were many other functions that the state could have outsourced as well .
28 In some cases longer outages are needed .
It is never necessary to have outages .
Sometimes longer outages are needed .
Sometimes you need to turn the power off for longer .
This project , called Partners for Justice is a cooperative venture among the five LSC programs , LATIS , the Appleseed Justice Center , the South Carolina Bar Pro Bono Program , and 46 human services agencies .
Partners for Justice is not a cooperative project .
The name of the project is Partners for Justice .
This project has not been very successful .
Air pollution levels below the threshold for each health effect studied are assumed not to cause the effect .
Air pollution has no effect on health regardless of the levels .
Air pollution levels can cause hazardous health effects depending on the threshold .
There is a threshold in each study that determines the effect of air pollution .
A key tool used by each company to ensure that a product 's design was stable by the end of the product integration phase was a demonstration that the design would meet requirements .
Companies don 't use keys .
Each company key is different .
Each company uses keys .
Brendan Gill , the former executive director of the Bexar County group , said he has since come to see the merger as a positive move for South Texas .
Brendan Gill dislikes the merger .
Brendan Gill likes the merger
Brendan Gill made money off the merger .
In this case , the rate difference is 9a , which is equal to the cost difference of 6a inflated by the 50 % markup .
9a is not the rate difference .
9a is the most important metric .
9a is the rate difference .
Case files would have to be copied and provided to the client .
It is procedure to send case files to the client .
The client will be left in the dark .
The client will be provided with case files .
If households ' existing assets lose value , people have to save more to attain their wealth-income target .
Assets will lose value sometimes due to the market .
If households assets lose value people will have to save less .
If people 's assets lose value they end up having to save more .
Also in Australia , Centrelink has determined that 65 percent of its preventable incorrect payments 13relate to incorrect declaration of income by the customer or beneficiary .
Centrelink asks its customers to carefully enter details when declaring income .
Centrelink never has incorrect payments caused by incorrect income declaration by customers .
Incorrect payments that Centrelink has are preventable in some cases .
Assets accumulated can generate income in the form of interest and dividends that in turn may be saved .
Assets make you lose money with interest .
The interest and dividends are a lot of money .
You can generate income with assets .
An interpretation that legal services recipients can represent aliens only during the times that they are physically present in the United States would present LSC providers with two options .
Aliens can have legal representation when they are in the US .
Most aliens do not seek legal services when they need it .
The US does not allow aliens into any of its states .
receive a rating of pass if they meet the fully successful standard for an element .
Fully meeting a successful standard will result in a pass .
If they don 't meet the standard they will fail .
Meeting fully the standard for an element will result in a rating of failure .
For example , gains on existing assets reduce the amount of an employer 's contribution necessary to fund its pension liability .
All assets decline in value by the day .
Assets such as real estate properties gain value by the year .
It is possible for existing assets to accumulate gains .
The Islamist movement , born about 1940 , is a product of the modern world , influenced by Marxist-Leninist concepts about revolutionary organization .
Marxist-Leninist concepts were incorporated into the Islamist movement .
The Islamist movement was begun in the sixth century .
The Islamist movement was originally founded as an organization for social mobilization .
Other advisers have echoed this concern .
All of the advisers unanimously agreed that there was nothing to be worried about .
Only one adviser did not voice concern over this plan .
This concern is shared by several different advisers .
The system also chose passengers at random to receive additional security scrutiny .
All passengers just get to walk through without an issue .
Soem passengers get full-body scans .
Some passengers get checked more thoroughly by security .
We have found no indication that the idea was briefed to the new administration or that Clarke passed his paper to them , although the same team of career officials spanned both administrations .
We are 100 % certain that Clarke never gave his paper to anyone .
We can 't find proof that Clarke gave him his paper .
We know for sure that Clarke gave them his paper on July 2 .
It is not clear the system can be installed before 2010 , but even this timetable may be too slow , given the possible security dangers .
It 's hard to install the system because hackers attack it every night .
It 's not easy to install the system because of security dangers .
The security system will be installed in 6 weeks , i promise .
Intelligence report , interrogation of KSM , July 30 , 2003 .
An interrogation of KSM was performed in July of 2003 .
KSM was not captured until late 2008 , when he was finally interrogated in detail .
The interrogation revealed that KSM 's favorite ice cream flavor was chocolate .
Therefore , while protecting our homeland , Americans should be mindful of threats to vital personal and civil liberties .
Americans don 't need to worry about their civil liberties- they will always be protected .
Americans should make sure that their guns are not taken away .
Americans should pay attention to threats to our liberties .
Delivering it repeatedly did not make it more effective .
Delivery did not improve how effective it was .
Delivery made it incredible effective .
It didn 't make it any more effective when we delivered it to the White House .
The next level down , the director of the al Qaeda unit in CIA at the time recalled that he did not think it was his job to direct what should or should not be done .
The director didn 't want to get involved because he was almost retired .
The director of the unit didn 't want to get involved in directing what was done .
The director thought it was all up to him .
Ramzi Yousef and Khalid Sheikh Mohammed masterminded the 1995 Manila air plot , and KSM helped fund Yousef ' s attempt to blow up the World Trade Center in 1993 .
In 1993 there was an attempt to blow up the World Trade Center .
Khalid Sheikh Mohammed was well known for his efforts to stamp out terrorism around the world .
These plots both met with failure and further efforts were scrapped .
According to both KSM and Khallad , Abu Bara never applied for a U . S . visa .
Abu Bara didn 't want a visa .
Abu Bara never completed a Visa application
Abu Bara was granted a visa in 2011 .
Pickard recalls the alleged statement being made at a briefing on July 12 .
Pickard couldn 't remember anything they 'd said .
Pickard remembered the briefing covered the facts of the crash .
Pickard remembered what was said at the briefing .
He had traveled to Pakistan but became agitated when asked if he had traveled to nearby countries while in Pakistan  Pakistan was the customary route to the training camps in Afghanistan  .
It was not unusual for terrorists to travel through Pakistan into Afghanistan .
Pakistan and Afghanistan are located very far apart from each other .
Training provided in Afghanistan included hand to hand combat .
For a brief summary of these routines and the reasons why the intercepts were not properly digested , see Graham Allison and Philip Zelikow , Essence of Decision , 2d ed .
The intercepts were handled perfectly .
The intercepts were sent to the wrong person for analysis .
The intercepts weren 't handled correctly .
They make targets harder to attack successfully , and they deter attacks by making capture more likely .
They knew making the targets more difficult would lead to a higher rate of captures .
They made the targets so easy they were captured within mere minutes .
They make the targets themselves more challenging so in turn they are making captures happen more often .
The Southeast Air Defense Sector was notified of the event at 9 : 55 , 28 minutes later .
28 minutes after the fact the Southeast Air Defense Sector received notification .
The Sector did not receive the notifications in time due to a delay in communications .
The Southeast Air Defense Sector received word of the event just 28 seconds after it took place .
We look forward to a national debate on the merits of what we have recommended , and we will participate vigorously in that debate .
There 's no point in debating this topic .
We want to have a debate because we know these recommendations are important .
We would like to debate the recommendations .
After Mihdhar left , other students moved into the house .
Mihdhar knew the students were waiting from him to leave .
The pupils went into the home after Mihdhar was gone .
The students protested outside of the house that Mihdhar resided in .
According to Binalshibh , had Bin Ladin and KSM learned prior to 9 / 11 that Moussaoui had been detained , they might have canceled the operation .
Bin Ladin didn 't know that moussaoui had been detained .
Bin Ladin didn 't know the FBI had held Moussaoui .
Bin Ladin wasn 't worried about Moussaoui being held for questioning .
After the airspace reopened , nine chartered flights with 160 people , mostly Saudi nationals , departed from the United States between September 14 and 24 .
More than 100 Saudi national left the US .
The airspace did not reopen until late October .
There were also several dozen British nationals who left the country .
We ask every nation to join us .
We need at least 10 countries to join us
We need help from around the world .
We will do this alone !
It also meant that there was a link between Khallad and Mihdhar , making Mihdhar seem even more suspicious .
Khallad had financed Mihdhar 's education in the Middle East .
Khallad was associated with Mihdhar .
No one could find a connection between Khallad and Mihdhar .
The third party informed the police desk that the employees had previously received contrary advice from the FDNY , which could only have come via 911 .
The FDNY and police were both using the same systems to communicate with the public .
The FDNY and the police desk were not giving everyone the same advice .
The police were telling civilians to evacuate the area while the fire department was telling them to wait for rescue .
The terminal was evacuated , and police found miscellaneous gun parts , pistol ammunition , and military paraphernalia in the man 's checked bags .
Police found bottled water in the man 's checked bags .
Police found various items in the man 's checked bags after the terminal was evacuated .
The man 's checked bags contained only clothing and nothing else .
Between 6 : 45 and 7 : 40 , Atta and Omari , along with Satam al Suqami , Wail al Shehri , and Waleed al Shehri , checked in and boarded American Airlines Flight 11 , bound for Los Angeles .
Atta and Omari sat in window seats while the others sat on the isles .
They attempted to board the flight but Wail al Shehri was detained by security .
They boarded a flight to Los Angeles before 8 : 00 .
The people of the United States hoped to enjoy a peace dividend , as U . S . spending on national security was cut following the end of the Soviet military threat .
As the Soviet threat ended the US embarked on a massive military buildup .
Defense budgets were cut by more than fifty billion dollars per year .
When the Soviet military threat ended the US cut national security spending .
While the test results for physical search exceeded the national average , both the metal detector and X-ray results were below average .
Physical searches were more likely to find contraband .
The metal detector results were below the national average .
The test results for X-rays were well above the national average .
Local newspapers and the few influential satellite broadcasters-like al Jazeera-often reinforce the jihadist theme that portrays the United States as anti-Muslim .
All American newspapers have to sound pro-Muslim .
Some newspapers in Arizona sound anti-Muslim .
Some newspapers spread anti-Muslim rhetoric .
Our border screening system should check people efficiently and welcome friends .
The screening process at the border should be welcoming while also being productive .
We do not have time for pleasantries while dealing with border crossings .
We have to screen everyone equally and thus treat all with the respect that they deserve .
As a result , neither the U . S . nor the Saudi people appreciated all the dimensions of the bilateral relationship , including the Saudi role in U . S . strategies to promote the Middle East peace process .
The Saudis and the US worked together .
The Saudis invited the US envoy to come work on the middle east peace project .
The Saudis refused to work with the US and instead pushed violence .
Deputy Director of Central Intelligence John McLaughlin testified that he was told about Moussaoui several days before Tenet was briefed , although he did not recall the specific date of the briefing .
McLaughlin has been the Deputy Director of Central Intelligence for 27 years .
McLaughlin is the Deputy Director of Central Intelligence .
McLaughlin is the head of the FDA .
It was clear that the lead response agency was the FDNY , and that the other responding local , federal , bistate , and state agencies acted in a supporting role .
Many agencies supported the FDNY in its response .
The FDNY did not want local , federal , bistate , and state agencies to help .
The FDNY was not the only agency in charge ; others held just as much control .
There is no indication that Atta or Shehhi received any additional flight training in June .
Atta and Shehhi received their flight certifications in May .
There is evidence that Atta and Shehhi worked hard to become better pilots in June .
We do not suspect that Atta and Shehhi continued flight training in June .
The CTC analyst who drafted the briefing drew on reports over the previous four years .
The CTC analyst based his briefing only on information that had come to light in the past month .
The analyst had been working for the CTC for a decade .
The analyst used multiple reports in order to draft the document .
On August 4 , President Bush wrote President Musharraf to request his support in dealing with terrorism and to urge Pakistan to engage actively against al Qaeda .
President Bush had no contact with President Musharraf .
President Bush wrote a letter to President Musharraf in August .
President Musharraf replied to President Bush right away .
Mihdhar gave his intended address as the Marriott Hotel , New York City , but instead spent one night at another New York hotel .
Mihdhar did not stay at the hotel he indicated he would .
Mihdhar had a wonderful stay at the Marriott Hotel in NYC .
Mihdhar had meant to stay at the Marriott originally , but a last-minute fling led him to stay with a lover .
Other evidence corroborates her account .
Her husband can corroborate her story .
There is other information containing evidence that supports what she said .
We have absolutely no reason to believe her account .
He believed that there was sufficient probable cause for a criminal warrant at that time .
He suspected that the property was being used to conceal an illegal bomb making operation .
He was convinced that there was nothing suspicious going on .
There were reasons to be suspicious that a crime was being committed .
It did not suggest that there was a domestic threat .
It suggested a threat in Ireland , but not one in the US .
There was no reason to believe there was a domestic threat .
We had good reason to suspect that terror alerts would be raised shortly .
But his time was consumed with getting new officials in place and working on the foundation documents of a new defense policy , the quadrennial defense review , the defense planning guidance , and the existing contingency plans .
He had plenty of free time to take several long vacations while working on these projects .
Placing new officials in office and working on a defense policy were time consuming projects .
The final defense policy document was over five hundred pages long .
The United States was not a primary source of al Qaeda funding , although some funds raised in the United States may have made their way to al Qaeda or its affiliated groups .
Britain also gave money to al Qaeda .
The US definitely did not give al Qaeda any money .
The United States may have given money to al Qaeda .
Current security requirements nurture overclassification and excessive compartmentation of information among agencies .
Security requirements are much stricter than they previously were .
Security requirements do not compartmentalize information too much .
The security requirements that are currently in use cause information to be overclassified .
Boston A second one just hit the Trade Center .
The Trade Center was hit by a train .
The Trade Center was hit .
The Trade Center was not hit .
If defense intelligence is reorganized to elevate the responsibilities of the director of the DIA , then that person might be the appropriate official .
Director of the DIA is the lowest position in relation to responsibilities .
The Director of the DIA is not involved with defense intelligence at all .
The director of the DIA is involved with defense intelligence .
There were numerous technical problems , especially with the Hellfire missiles .
The Hellfire missiles had technical errors .
The Hellfire missiles worked perfectly .
There were also technical errors with other types of missiles .
Mayor Giuliani , along with the Police and Fire commissioners and the OEM director , moved quickly north and established an emergency operations command post at the Police Academy .
An emergency command post was set up at the Police Academy .
More than two dozen people were eventually involved in manning the command post .
The Mayor immediately evacuated the state on the recommendation of the OEM director .
Finally , one firefighter-who had earlier seen from a window that the SouthTower had collapsed-urged that they all leave , as this tower could fall as well .
One firefighter felt that this tower could fall .
The firefighter sent a message to his superiors about the tower falling .
The firefighter was certain that the tower they were in was safe .
Secure identification should begin in the United States .
Secure Identification should never be used in the US .
Secure id would make things safer in the US .
There should be secure id in the US .
Hard Put to Find Proof Bin Laden Directed Attacks .
Bin Laden was not involved in directing the attacks .
It was tough to prove that Bin Laden was responsible .
There was hard evidence of Bin Laden directing the attacks .
We have uncovered no evidence that KSM was present at the guesthouse in Islamabad where Yousef ' s arrest took place , as has been suggested in the press .
KSM was never there at the guesthouse .
Yousef was arrested .
Yousef was never arrested .
At about 10 : 15 , the FDNY Chief of Department and the Chief of Safety , who had returned to West Street from the parking garage , confirmed that the South Tower had collapsed .
The FDNY Chief of Department saw the South Tower collapse .
The South Tower collapsed before 10 : 15 .
The South Tower did not collapse .
The dedicated professional staff , headed by Philip Zelikow , has contributed innumerable hours to the completion of this report , setting aside other important endeavors to take on this all-consuming assignment .
Philip Zelikow and his staff spent many hours preparing the report .
The team rushed through the data to get the report done quickly .
There were twenty people on Philip Zelikow 's staff .
He also ordered Secretary Rumsfeld to develop a military plan against the Taliban .
A military plan against the Taliban was needed .
Nobody ordered the development of a military plan .
Secretary Rumsfeld developed a military plan right away .
Intelligence report , interrogation of detainee , Dec . 2 , 2001 .
A detainee was interrogated .
No detainees were interrogated .
The intelligence report was written up on December 3 , 2001 .
As discussed earlier , the reason Jane decided she could not share information was because the initial information on Mihdhar had been analyzed by the NSA .
Jane never wanted to share the information .
Jane shared the information immediately .
The NSA had looked at the information on Mihdhar .
Summary of Judgment and Sentencing Order by Hanseatic Regional High Court , Motassadeq trial , Feb . 19 , 2003 , pp . 10-11 .
The Sentencing Order was issued by the seven judges on the Hanseatic Regional High Court .
The Sentencing Order was issued in 2003 .
The Sentencing Order was never issued .
The FBI agent obtained from a foreign government a photo of the person believed to have directed the Cole bombing .
A foreign government had a photo of someone involved in the Cole bombing .
Nobody had ever photographed anyone involved in the Cole bombing .
The photograph was slightly blurry , but the face of the person was still visible .
Some of the most controversial provisions of the Patriot Act are to sunset at the end of 2005 .
Some controversial provisions of the Patriot Act are likely to be renewed by Congress before it expires .
The Patriot Act contained several controversial provisions .
The entire Patriot Act will remain in force until at least 2010 .
The United States defended , and still defends , Muslims against tyrants and criminals in Somalia , Bosnia , Kosovo , Afghanistan , and Iraq .
Muslims in Somalia are sometimes threatened by tyrants .
The United States fully supports any tyrant controlling Bosnia .
These tyrants are usually fond of wearing green hats .
They discussed targets in coded language , pretending to be students discussing various fields of architecture referred to the World Trade Center , arts the Pentagon , law the Capitol , and politics the White House .
They came right out and said what landmarks they were talking about .
They talked about the architecture of landmarks and used it for code words .
They talked about the targets they wanted to blow up in code .
His relationship with her remained close throughout his time in the United States .
He had a relationship with an American woman .
He had never been to the US .
He spent time in the United States .
In chapter 5 we described the Southeast Asia travels of Nawaf al Hazmi , Khalid al Mihdhar , and others in January 2000 on the first part of the planes operation .
Khalid al Mihdhar never traveled .
Nawaf al Hazmi traveled in January 2000 .
Nawaf al Hazmi traveled to five different countries .
Hazmi 's housemate remembers him taking an unexplained trip to the San Diego airport around this time .
Hazmi 's housemate has a good memory .
Hazmi 's housemate has never heard of the San Diego airport .
Hazmi 's housemate was suspicious .
We will recap it briefly here .
The entire incident will now be described in complete detail .
This summary will not take much time .
We will recap the events from Monday to Wednesday only .
For the rescue efforts , see FDNY report , Report from the Chief of Department , Anthony L . Fusco , in Manning , ed .
Anthony L . Fusco , the Chief of Department , wrote a report on the rescue efforts .
The report contains great detail about the rescue efforts .
There were no rescue efforts to report on .
As a result , his salary was raised and his other allowances stipend increased significantly , from approximately $ 465 to $ 3 , 925 a month , remaining at that level until December 2000 .
He got a large raise in salary and allowances .
He needed more money in order to travel .
His monthly income decreased .
After repeatedly demanding that Sudan stop supporting terrorist groups , in 1993 the U . S . government designated the country a state sponsor of terrorism .
Sudan supported terrorists with cash payments and training .
Sudan was designated a state sponsor of terrorism in 1993 .
Sudan was known as a leader in the fight against terrorist throughout the nineties .
NYPD recording , Special Operations Division radio channel , Sept . 11 , 2001 .
Recordings were made of some radio transmission in September .
The NYPD did not attempt to use radio communications until 2004 .
These recordings have not been released to the general public due to their sensitive nature .
His key personnel shared very little information with the National Security Council and the rest of the national security community .
His staff shared some information with the national security community .
The National Security Council received a full and complete briefing .
The National Security Council wished they had received more information about any threats to air travel .
When the attack was determined to be al Qaeda-related , responsibility shifted to the New York Field Office .
The Florida field office took over because it was al Quaeda related .
The New York Field Office handled it when they decided al Qaeda was involved .
The New York Field Office took control over all the suspects in custody .
More than 500 million people annually cross U . S . borders at legal entry points , about 330 million of them noncitizens .
More than half a billion people cross the border at entry points .
More than half a billion people go from Mexico to the US .
Only 20 , 000 people cross the border each year .
For units staged at the Brooklyn-Battery tunnel , see ibid .
Brooklyn-Battery tunnel was abandoned at this time .
There were several units at the tunnel .
These units were composed of fire fighters and local police .
This speculation is based , at least in part , on Thumairy 's reported leadership of an extremist faction at the mosque .
The mosque contained extremist factions .
These factions made up more than half of the modque 's membership .
Thumairy is not known to have ever been part of any mosque .
The Director still has no strategy for removing information-sharing barriers and-more than two years since 9 / 11-has only appointed a working group on the subject .
Information sharing barriers were still in place after two years .
The Director did not believe that information sharing barriers should be entirely removed .
The Director immediately abolished all information sharing barriers .
A jet fuel fireball erupted upon impact and shot down at least one bank of elevators .
The fire was hot enough to melt some of the glass windows in the area .
The fireball traveled down at least one elevator shaft .
The jet fuel pooled on the ground but did not ignite .
The operators were not given any information about the inability to conduct rooftop rescues and therefore could not advise callers that they had essentially been ruled out .
Helocopters could not be flown near the roofs due to fires in the area .
The operators did not know that rooftop rescues were impossible .
The operators knew well in advance that they had to instruct everyone to evacuate from the ground .
Four of the 9 / 11 attackers were pulled into secondary border inspection , but then admitted .
All of the 9 / 11 attackers were denied entry at the border .
Several of the attackers were initially flagged for extra inspections .
They received extra inspections because they wore funny looking hats .
This effort was going on before 9 / 11 and it continues on a vastly enlarged scale .
After 9 / 11 the effort increased dramatically .
After 9 / 11 the effort was abandoned entirely in favor of different tactics .
Since 9 / 11 funding for the effort has increased by 120 % .
One Treasury official described CIA 's posture as benign neglect toward the Foreign Terrorist Asset Tracking Center  FTATC  , and characterized the CIA as believing that financial tracking had limited utility .
Financial tracking primarily involves examining credit card receipts and bank statements .
Some Treasury officials did not believe the CIA valued financial tracking .
The CIA relied on financial tracking as it 's primary counter terrorism tool .
The U . S . government readily provides copious information about spending on its military forces , including military intelligence .
The US government spends $ 7 billion on military intelligence each year .
The US government spends money on their military intelligence .
The US government won 't tell anyone how much they spend on anything .
The tragedy of the embassy bombings provided an opportunity for a full examination , across the government , of the national security threat that Bin Ladin posed .
Bin Ladin 's security threat should have been evident to the government after the embassy bombings .
The embassy bombings killed fifteen people .
There was never any indication that Bin Ladin represented a threat to the government .
The first NYPD ESU team entered the West Street-level lobby of the North Tower and prepared to begin climbing at about 9 : 15 A . M .
The NYPD failed to respond to the North Tower until after 10 : 00 AM .
The team consisted of more than a dozen people .
The tower was still standing at 9 : 15 AM .
For the Academy 's instructor 's reaction , see FBI report of investigation , interview of James Milton , Apr .
Nobody knows what the instructor 's reaction was .
The FBI was interested in the instructor 's reaction to a video of two kittens playing with a ball .
The instructor of the Academy was James Milton .
Your gift is important to the celebration of our 85th season .
Every gift we get is not as important as yours .
We do not care about your gift at all .
We have been doing this for more than 80 years .
It takes a partnership of private support and University funding for our law school to continue to grow in stature and influence .
Our law school depends on private funding alone .
Our law school is supported in part by the Melinda and Bill Gates Foundation .
Our law school needs money to continue to grow .
Most important is the fact that attending a performance at the IRT is not just a field trip .
Attending a performance at the IRT isn 't just a fun walk in the park .
Attending a performance at the IRT will be a nice , easy break from hard work and thought .
In order to fully enjoy a performance at the IRT , you need to pay very hard attention and study the performance and its history beforehand .
Only with the help of our philanthropic partners have we been able to achieve so much .
Bill Gates donated $ 5 million to us .
Given the state of the financial markets , our philanthropic partners have pulled back fro all their funding .
We 've been able to achieve a lot , due to the philanthropy we 've received .
Thank you for supporting the Indianapolis Museum of Art in 1999 .
Thank you for your $ 100 donation to the Indianapolis Museum of Art .
Thanks but no thanks for lapsing on your donations in 1999 .
We are very glad you helped support the museum .
My hope is you were greatly blessed and encouraged by this issue .
I hope this issue gave you newfound enthusiasm .
I know this issue causes you despair , but look forward to your vacation .
I know you will do all in your power to fight breastfeeding cancer .
It 's important that we hear from you during this last fundraising drive of the season .
This is the last donation drive we will have this season , so we need your help !
We have two more fundraising drives this year .
We need $ 100 , 000 more to make our fundraising quotas this season .
P . S . Your gift is important to our celebration of 85 years making the Indianapolis Civic Theatre the oldest continuously operating community theatre in the country .
There was another theater that recently celebrated its 84th anniversary , but then it burned down .
We 're celebrating the grand opening of Indianapolis 's newest theater .
We 're very happy that the Indianapolis Civic Theater has been operating for 85 years .
Those participating will be provided prospects ' names , addresses and telephone numbers , as well as background information on the school 's needs .
Participants will be given prospects contact details and background information .
Participants will have to sign a non-disclosure agreement , before accessing prospects ' details .
Those participating can only know prospects names , but not their addresses .
dba  , a charitable , all-volunteer , nonprofit membership organization , provides free self-employment and business information and assistance to enterprising individuals with disabilities , and for professionals in vocational rehabilitation , career and business counseling .
Everyone is paid a lot of money to work there .
It is staffed by volunteers .
It 's staffed by 20 volunteers each day .
Our Zoo was designed using the concept of biomes , which simulate the natural habitats in which animals live .
Biomes simulate animals natural living environments .
In our zoo , we believe that artificial habitats are better than natural ones .
The biomes in our zoo were very expensive .
Your support of Goodwill will provide job training and placement services to help the hardest to serve in central Indiana find meaningful employment .
People in central Indiana never receive job training .
Supporting Goodwill will benefit people in Indiana .
Supporting Goodwill will lower the unemployment rate .
From a modest beginning to its rank today as one of the best academic medical centers in the nation , Indiana 's only medical school boasts a proud heritage .
Indiana has at least twenty excellent medical schools .
The state of Indiana has only one medical school .
There will be no other medical school in Indiana for the next five years .
However , dramatic increases in the costs of law books , journals , and database services mean that simply maintaining our present collections exceeds our budget .
Maintaining our present collections only costs a third of our annual budget .
Our current budget doesn 't permit us to maintain our present collections .
We need at least $ 10 , 000 in donations to allow us to maintain our present collections .
-conceive , design and hand-sew the many beautiful costumes , such as Mary Todd 's period dresses in Abe Lincoln in Illinois and the ball gowns in A Christmas Carol .
The costumes were entirely fabricated at a factory .
The costumes were only worked on by human hands .
The costumes were worked on by hand .
We will try to contact each of you who have not participated this fiscal year in the next 45 days so that our goal can be reached by the deadline of June 30th .
We have no intention of ever contacting those who have not donated this fiscal year .
We will contact by mail in the next 45 days those who have not donated this fiscal year .
We will try to contact those who have not donated this fiscal year in the next 45 days .
As a member of the law school 's _ _ , I know you are aware of our progress .
I am a member of the law school .
No one belongs to the law school .
The law school had accepted people .
The cost of creating these homes far exceeds what our buyers cm pay , so we rely on grants and individual donations to keep them affordable .
Creating the homes was completely free of charge .
The homes required resources to be created .
The homes were more expensive to create than expected .
It means everything to Becky , Stephanie , Marcus and Emily , and students like them .
Becky doesn 't care about it at all .
Becky is a 8th grade student .
Becky is a student .
Your investment continues the high quality of all aspects of the Museum and makes new achievements possible .
Investments do not affect the Museum in any way .
Larger investments are more helpful for the Museum .
The Museum is impacted by investments .
I hope you will remain a contributor and even consider honoring our 25 years of storytelling by increasing your gift $ 25 this year .
Please increase your donation amount this year by $ 25 .
You gave enough last year , so please reduce it by $ 25 this time around .
Your gift last year was $ 33 .
And , I hope that you will support the artistic and educational efforts of Civic Theatre again this year .
The Civic Theater is fully funded and will turn away any more money .
The Civic Theater needs $ 1million this year .
The Civic Theater needs your support .
The one thing I am most proud of is that the IRT is a leader across the country in providing theatre experiences for students .
The IRT is involved in soccer .
The IRT is involved in the theater for middle schoolers .
The IRT is involved in the theater .
Your support helps the Society maintain quality care of animal and plant collections and to conduct important research on rare species including those in the Species Survival Plan .
The Society cares for animals that are almost extinct in Africa .
The Society cares for animals .
The Society cares for little kids .
I believe just the opposite .
I don 't think that 's true .
I think you are correct !
I think you are wrong , that the answer is yes and not no .
Your help today will enable us to strengthen further America 's philanthropic heritage by expanding the Center 's crucial educational , leadership and outreach programs .
We don 't plan on expanding at all .
You could help us expand into seven states .
You could help us expand our outreach programs .
Provide a professional atmosphere for many talented community actors to hone and perfect their skills .
Community theaters never help actors improve .
Most professional actors started in the community theaters .
Some actors use community theater to improve .
Last Sunday , June 18th , the rain came and severely curtailed attendance at this year 's Keepers of the Lore / Joseph Campbell Festival of Myth , Folklore and Story .
It hasnt rained in 3 years .
It rained 17 inches last Sunday .
It rained last Sunday .
What began as a touring group of actors in 1973 that played to students in cities like Gary , Elkhart and Terre Haute , the IRT education program today now
No actors were in Indiana in the 70 's .
Some Oscar-winning actors toured Indiana in 1973 .
Some actors toured in Indiana in 1973 .
We need resources to recruit and develop outstanding teachers .
We don 't need to recruit teachers , they just come to us .
We need better teachers .
We need to hire 100 new , good teachers .
The law school 's 5 , 539 alumni form a distinguished group .
The law school has been open for 100 years and has had 5 , 539 alumni .
The law school has only had 20 graduates .
There are over 5 , 000 alumni from the law school .
Laurel wreaths , symbolizing victory , and olive branches symbolizing peace , also adorn the rug 's border along with acanthus leaves .
Goldfish , snakes , and nothing else are on the rug 's border .
Laurel wreaths , olive branches , and acanthus leaves are on the rug 's border .
The rug is beige .
I 've got more than a job
I don 't have a job or any hobby .
I have a job that takes up all of my time .
I have a job .
Your contributions to the Annual Fund at the Maennerchor Society level have provided significant assistance to the school .
The Maennerchor Society gets donations .
The Maennerchor Society got $ 1m in donations last year .
The Maennerchor Society is privately funded by Bill Gates .
You may also take advantage of our special 2-year membership offer for $ 30 , a savings of almost 60 % off our regular 2 year rate .
It costs $ 30 only if you join in the next two days .
It costs $ 30 to be a member for the next two years .
It costs $ 800 to be a member for the next two years .
Specifically , you will be joining a group of distinguished foundation executives , business leaders , scholars , development professionals and volunteers in the nonprofit sector . . .
The group is full of Ivy League Scholars and philanthropists .
The group is full of important people .
The group is full of inmates and crooks .
Others continue to notice our success .
We are failing and everyone can see it .
We are succeeding when it comes to raising capital .
We are succeeding .
Will you add your dreams to ours ?
We discourage you from dreaming with us .
Will you help us build the best school in the nation ?
Will your dreams become part of ours ?
In their enlightened self-interest , they supported this fledgling organization , knowing it would benefit the city as a whole .
They believed that the organization would destroy the city .
They believed that the organization would make life better for the city 's elderly .
They supported the organization because they knew it would benefit the city .
The wonderful connections formed each day are made possible through the support of Society operations by organizations like yours !
Organizations just like yours are what help form fantastic connections each and every day .
The connections made were made in vain no thanks to you .
Without your organization these awesome connections would have never been formed .
Chairman of the Board of Trustees
The Board of Trustees has no Chairman .
The Chairperson of the Board of Trustees .
The long-serving Chairman of the Board or Trustees .
Friends ' programs such as Young Library Leaders and the Love is Reading Together Week target young people and instill library habits at an early age .
The programs focused on getting kids to go outside and play .
There are programs that encourage kids to go to the library twice a week .
There are programs to make kids interested in the library .
Last year , you generously donated $ - .
You didn 't donate any money last year .
You donated $ 10 , 000 last year .
You donated money last year .
. . why they have so little self-worth that they value the friendship of thieves and killers .
None of their friends are thieves and killers .
Some of their friends are thieves and killers .
Some of their friends have stolen bubble gum .
The deep blue rug is emblazoned with a full-color Presidential Seal encircled by fifty white stars .
The rug bears the Presidential Seal .
The rug is neon green and has a picture of Bart Simpson on it .
The rug is six feet in diameter .
I am writing to thank you for your past gifts to the IUPUI University Libraries and to ask you to renew that support .
I am asking you to donate $ 10 . 00 to the ASPCA .
I am asking you to donate $ 100 to the IUPUI University Libraries .
I am asking you to make another gift to the IUPUI University Libraries .
To assist you with your contribution , please feel free to call Kathy Dannels , Director of Development , at 924-6770 ext .
Call Kathy Dannels only if you want to discuss last night 's episode of The Walking Dead .
Kathy Dannels answers calls promptly
Please call Kathy Dannels if you would like to discuss your contribution .
It would be wonderful if you could take the time to visit your School , and see for yourself the progress we have made over the years and share in the pride of our heritage !
Don 't visit the school , just send money .
You should visit the school and see the musical production we 've been working on .
You should visit your school and see what we 've been up to .
You are important to us and the I . U .
We and the I . U . consider you to be important because you are a prolific donor .
We and the I . U . consider you to be important .
We and the I . U . don 't give a rat 's ass about you .
When Urban left for Vietnam , we 'd only been married a short time , JoAnn said .
JoAnn and Urban had just celebrated their 50th wedding anniversary when he left for Vietnam .
JoAnn and Urban were married for one month when he left for Vietnam .
JoAnn said that she and Urban hadn 't been married long when he left for Vietnam .
Civic 's revenue comes from full houses , workshop and program tuitions , facility rental , foundations , corporate sponsors and individual contributions from supporters like you .
No one gives us anything , but we have enough money so it 's ok .
People give us money to help us fill the $ 1million budget gap .
People give us money to keep our organization running .
Student tuition has been raised 12 % for 1992-92 , a significant increase .
The tuition rate has increased a lot .
The tuition rate went down 40 % .
The tuition rate will continue to climb each year .
00 invested in a job-training program for a person on welfare saves $ 3 .
Anyone who invests in a job-training program loses $ 5 .
Five percent of the nation 's population above twenty-five years of age is on welfare .
There are some monetary savings for investments in a job-training program .
We recoup 58 % of that money on ticket sales , leaving 32 % to be garnered from donations and gifts from friends such as yourself .
The majority of that money is from ticket sales .
This is the last year we will be doing ticket sales .
Ticket sales bring in less than half of that money .
This stunnngly beautiful 3 . 3 -acre landmark botanical attraction combines the best of gardening ideas , plant information and inspiring landscape design .
The space has a ton of plants .
The space is all concrete and is really ugly .
The space is full of tropical flowers and beautiful trees .
If The Salvation Army 's Red Shield could talk , it might tell you how we recently helped a man with diabetes get the insulin he needed .
The Salvation Army does not handle medical needs .
The Salvation Army donates money to people who need it .
The Salvation Army helps anyone who needs it .
This situation could also impact our ability to mount another festival next year .
We are guaranteed to have a festival for 10 years , no matter what .
We might not have a festival if we don 't have a lot of attendance this year .
We might not have another festival next year .
Many see philanthropy as no more than the grand gestures of the rich .
Everyone realizes that we all have to donate if we want to make an impact .
Some people think donating is just something rich people do .
Some people think they 're too poor to give any money , so they ignore our calls .
Very soon , a friend of the IRT will be calling you to take your pledge over the phone .
We don 't do phone drives because of security concerns .
You can give money over the phone .
You need to donate $ 100 over the phone if you want to be a member .
By May 1 , we must conclude membership renewal options for 1991 contributors .
Some members can renew their memberships .
There is space for 1500 members to renew their memberships .
We just accept renewals whenever .
McCoy invites the support of The _ _ Company Foundation in the amount of $ 10 , 000 .
McCoy is asking for $ 250 , 000 .
McCoy is requesting $ 10 , 000 worth of support .
McCoy needs more money , but right now $ 10 , 000 is being requested .
The work by Loren I . Field , Ph . D . , and his colleagues at the School was a cover story in a recent issue of Science - the preeminent journal recognizing benchmark research .
Loren Field is the chief scientist at the school
Loren Field works at the city dump .
Loren Field works at the school .
learn to walk in someone else 's shoes
Learn to experience what someone else experiences .
Live under the conditions that someone does .
To selfishly mind your own life and your own business .
The Indiana Dental Association Distinguished Chair will represent the first state dental association in the country to complete such a commitment to its dental school .
Indiana is the first state dental association to work with a dental school in such a way .
Indiana refuses to commit to help the dental school .
Indiana 's state dental association has pledged $ 1million to the dental school .
Visitors will have the opportunity to view changing shows in the Hilbert Conservatory Butterflies Are Free , Wizard of Oz , Toyland , and Flights of Fantasy .
Visitors will be able to see several shows in the Hilbert Conservatory every day .
Visitors will be able to see several shows in the Hilbert Conservatory .
Visitors will only be able to see West Side Story in the Hilbert Conservatory .
These can include unforeseen chances to enhance student and faculty learning by inviting special visitors and scholars to the campus when they happen to be in the state .
Campus visits show students what college life is like .
Students can benefit from campus visits .
Students don 't learn anything from visiting campus .
Members receive discounts on Society products and publications available through regular catalogs and at the History Market gift shop located at our beautiful Society headquarters .
Members don 't get a discount , because we 'd lose too much money .
Members get a discount when they buy things at the gift shop .
Members have a 25 % discount .
Fully professional , fully produced theatre has made a difference to children like Becky , Stephanie , Marcus , Emily , and their classmates from across the state of Indiana .
Our theatre productions have helped elementary school children learn how to paint .
Theatre has helped many children across Indiana .
We wish we could afford to create fully professional theatre productions , but we have never had the funds here in Indiana .
As with all gifts to the Institute , 100 % of your contribution will be used directly for research .
Every penny goes towards cancer research .
Every penny you donate helps research .
We spend half your money on administrative fees .
Outside of the Theatre , IRT artists go directly into the classroom to work with kids and introduce them more personally to the world of theatre .
IRT artists don 't do anything with kids and instead focus on adults in the community .
IRT artists help kids in the schools .
IRT artists help kids put on a production .
It pays for the care , feeding , and housing of the thousands of plants and animals at the Zoo .
It pays for care for the animals in the shelter .
The animals at the zoo benefit from this a lot .
The animals at the zoo get $ 100 , 000 a year in funding for care and feeding .
If you have questions or suggestions , please call either myself  924-5471  or Bob Lovell  274-0622  today .
Bob Lovell can answer questions .
Bob Lovell is no longer associated with this .
Bob Lovell is working on the campaign for the next year .
It is part of the Center 's effort to serve the needs of communities directly by training those ' who are responsible for sustaining philanthropy at the grassroots .
The Center really wants to help the community .
The center focuses on helping other continents .
The center wants to help the poor people in the community .
Many more arts and cultural opportunities exist in Indianapolis , yet none finer than Civic Theatre .
The Civic Theater is downtown Indianapolis .
The Civic Theater is in Indianapolis .
The Civic Theater is located in Tampa .
Your name or other inscription of your choice will be engraved on a plaque and .
The plaque doesn 't give any specific names or details .
Your message is engraved on the plaque if you donate more than $ 100 .
Your name or message will be put on the plaque .
. . wisps of white clouds scattered across a clear , blue sky .
The sky is clear and blue , and there are clouds here and there .
The sky is clear and blue , with not a cloud in sight .
The sun is behind a fluffy cloud , the shape of a bunny .
The wonderful connections formed each day are made possible through the support of Society operations .
The Society contributes a lot to the connections that are made .
The Society doesn 't have anything to do with people .
The Society helps people find people who are also interested in the arts .
P . S . A tribute donation to the IMA makes a wonderful holiday gift .
A donation in honor of someone is not appropriate for this particular type of fund .
A donation in honor of someone would make a great gift for the holidays .
Gentle note that you could make donations any time not just around the holidays .
Technology , although seemingly indispensable , has caused us to go into hyperspeed .
Technology has made the way we collect information ramp up to speeds we 've never seen .
Technology has made us speed up .
Technology hasn 't done anything to help us .
Graduates of the I . U . School of Law-Indianapolis leave with fundamental lawyering skills and a sound legal education .
The IU School of Law has 1000 students .
The IU School of Law teaches future lawyers .
The IU School of law was shut down long ago .
The Indianapolis Civic Theatre has entertained her audiences with professionally-produced plays and musicals for 82 years while providing an arena for our city 's exceptional talent , but that is certainly not the extent of it .
The Indianapolis Civic Theater has produced shows for over 80 years .
The Indy Civic Theater has done 120 shows in 80 years .
The Indy Civic Theater has only been operating for 2 years .
For this fiscal year and next , the law school is required to absorb reductions in its state appropriation and increased health costs totaling more than $ 400 , 000 .
The law school has to deal with budget cuts .
The law school is getting $ 1million more than normal .
The law school was the first program to face budget cuts .
Also , you have the satisfaction of knowing that your colleagues are being urged to emulate your good judgment .
Everyone is being discouraged from emulating your terrible judgment .
You colleagues are happy to emulate your good judgment .
Your colleagues are being asked to follow your judgment .
With OPEN going platinum , why not a neon CLOSED sign ?
The OPEN sign is black .
The OPEN sign is on the front curb .
The OPEN sign lights up .
The newsweeklies ' cover packages pander to anxious parents .
Anxious parents are one marketing target of the newsweeklies .
Newsweeklies design their cover packages to appeal to small children or the elderly .
Parents are more likely to spend money on new car purchases , making them a lucrative advertising segment for magazines .
There is one detail of Southern japes that has inverted its class associations .
Southern japes has a population of five thousand in the summer and two thousand in the winter .
Southern japes has a very clear and rigid class association .
There is a class association here that has been inverted .
The main point , though , is that there aren 't actually all that many Milosevics in the world .
There are fewer than 1000 Milosevics in the world .
There are many Milosevics in the world .
There are not many Milosevics .
Time ' s cover story is Bill Gates ' 12-step program for succeeding in the digital age .
Kim Kardashian wrote the cover story for Time magazine about the 12 steps needed for success in the digital age .
Time magazine has a picture of Bill Gates on the cover .
Time magazine is running a story about Bill Gates and success in the digital age .
Run Silent , Run Deep , Run the Answer
Run while making noise .
Run with arms flailing .
Run without being heard .
Paul seems to regard Alan Greenspan as an ideologue who actually does control the unemployment rate according to the dictates of some economic theory .
Alan Greenspan has economic theories regarding the unemployment rate .
Paul has never heard of Alan Greenspan or his economic theories .
Paul thinks Alan Greenspan is the smartest economist he knows .
With Microsoft Helpdesk assistance I figured out that my CD-ROM drive was probably connected to my sound card and not to the IDE port , and thus was foiling Linux .
I have never dealt with Linux .
I was having trouble getting Linux to connect to my modem .
I was having trouble with Linux .
Steve , I couldn 't even lift your wallet , Hatch shot back .
Hatch angrily said that he couldn 't even lift Steve 's wallet .
Hatch had no opinion about Steve 's wallet .
Hatch joked thay he couldn 't even lift Steve 's wallet .
The Nerds , who hole up in the economics and computer classrooms , have an even more hopeless position .
The Nerds are hopeless .
The Nerds are not good with social interaction .
The Nerds have a future .
Sure , the Linda Tripp conversations do not make her sound like Simone de Beauvoir discussing her relationship with Jean-Paul Sartre .
Most people have heard the Tripp recordings .
Trip 's conversations can be listened to .
Tripp 's conversations have never been listened to .
Photograph of Bill Clinton on the Slate Table of Contents by Kevin Lamarque / Reuters .
Kevin Lamarque has taken many photos of Bill Clinton including one in the Slate Table of Contents .
Photograph of Bill Clinton on the Vanity Fair Table of Contents by Ralph Emerson / AP News .
The Slate Table of Contents includes a photograph of President Clinton .
Which is more than the News Quiz can promise about Fox .
It 's less than News Quiz can promise about Fox .
It 's more than News Quiz can assure about Fox .
It 's probably more than News Quiz can say about Fox /
This is the legal underpinning of Justice Anthony Kennedy 's nostalgic embrace of states ' rights .
Kennedy favors federal rights .
Kennedy favors states rights when it comes to abortion .
Kennedy favors states ' rights .
Population growth is like pollution in reverse .
Pollution is a limiting factor for population growth .
Population growth is similar to inverse pollution .
There is no relation between population growth and pollution .
Well , given that Bill Bradley grew up in St . Louis wait , sorry , that would only be funny if Al Gore had grown up in Tennessee .
Bradley was from Arkansas .
Bradley was from Missouri .
Bradley was from the east side of St Louis .
Sabol said he has to take the occasional pit stop , but even that is conveniently arranged .
Sabol does not need to take all those pit stops .
Sabol mentioned that now and again he has to make a pit stop .
Sabol remarked that he does not need to take any breaks .
The First Wives Club , a revenge-comedy about three abandoned wives , grossed more on its first weekend than any other women 's film in history .
First Wives Club is a happily-ever-after , romance movie about the enduring love of marrying your first boyfriend .
The movie , First Wives Club , set film industry records as the highest grossing women 's film on it 's first weekend .
The stars and the acting , more than the plot line of First Wives Club , helped to set record box office sales .
Why doesn 't this apply on the Web ?
This applies on the web .
This currently does not apply on the Web .
This may apply in some cases on the Web .
The USDA argues , however , that what is needed is more enforcement power , and to that end , it is advancing a bill designed to expand its authority .
The USDA says police need to help them .
The USDA says they need a bigger force .
The USDA says they need looser enforcement .
Police announced that they have ruled out JonBenet Ramsey 's half-brother and half-sister as suspects in her murder , evidently because both were out of town when the crime was committed .
Jon Benet Ramsey 's half-brother was not in town when the murder was committed .
Jon Benet Ramsey 's half-sister has a strong alibi for the fact that she was out of town when the crime was committed .
There is enough evidence to arrest Jon Benet Ramsey 's half brother as the murderer .
You are not sure you 've been clear about whose side you 're on .
It 's obvious who you support .
We don 't know who you support in the election .
We don 't know who you support .
The junk yards of history are strewn with wreckage .
Junk yards are storage facilities with clean , new , products stored in neat columns .
Sometimes precious items that evoke strong memories of past historical events are found in the wreckage of the junk yards .
The evidence is the wreckage in the junk yards of history .
One day , the technology that today creates a market for visionaries will be as mundane as light bulbs .
Technology gets boring after a while .
Technology is always fun !
Technology is boring if you don 't keep changing it .
The ultimate perverse consequence of Livingston 's resignation is that it has allowed Clinton to appear magnanimous .
Livingston 's resignation has let Clinton appear forgiving .
Livingston 's resignation made Clinton look bad .
Livingston 's resignation may have let Clinton appear generous .
Pundits often say history is written by the winners .
Pundits say losers write history .
Pundits say people who win the lottery tell history .
Pundits say the winners tell history .
The Scotsman reports that Edinburgh University is withholding exam results from 90 computer science students while the administration determines whether or not they used the Internet to cheat .
Some students might have cheated at Edinburgh University .
Some students might have cheated on their finals .
The university thinks art students cheated .
Theory of the Leisure Modern medicine and hygiene have licked most of the major problems that used to preoccupy our immune system .
Humans are the only creatures that do not have an immune system .
Less people are getting sick these days because of improved hygiene .
Our immune system was kept busy in the past .
Thank You , Sir , Could I Have Another Answer
I appreciate that , Sir ; may I get another answer .
Thank you , Sir ; that is the only answer I needed .
You will need to give me five answers in total , Sir .
One way to find the answer is to begin with a different How much was Ames ' information worth to the Soviets ?
Ames was arrested for selling classified information to the Soviets .
There is no way one can arrive at the answer .
There may be more than one way to find the answer .
Prudie agrees there is something tacky about being seen chewing gum .
Prudie gave up chewing bubble gum when he was in college .
Prudie thinks highly of people who chew bubble gum .
Prudie thinks that it is not a good thing to be seen chewing gum .
Why is the consistent solution the right solution ?
It 's obvious the consistent solution is always wrong .
When it comes to waste removal why is the consistent solution correct ?
Why does the right solution so happen to be the most consistent ?
This kind of treatment for big contributors is quite routine .
Big contributors are always given special treatment at these events .
Everyone contributes the same amount , in order to prevent special treatment .
There is nothing new in this kind of treatment for big contributors .
TV dinners carry a terrible stigma .
Breakfast and lunch are the only meals that appear on TV .
People can watch dinners on TV .
TV dinners always show a family eating some meat dish .
She was a big-haired brunette with a fleshy face , full lips , and large teeth .
She had brunette hair and some teeth in her mouth .
She liked to wear red lipstick and red clothes .
She was completely bald , and she had no teeth at all .
Pynchon : As befits a man guarding , as opposed to flaunting , his privacy , Pynchon has kept his private life private .
It is rumored that Pynchon has a son and daughter .
The public knows very little about Pynchon 's private life .
There is a popular TV show about Pynchon 's private life , starring Pynchon himself .
Though this approach will seem quite reasonable to rationalists , it is one of the more controversial approaches to reconciling faith and reason .
Faith and reason can be reconciled using some controversial approaches .
It is difficult to reconcile faith and reason .
There is no way to reconcile faith and reason .
Morrison certainly has earned the right to be as idiosyncratic as , say , William Gaddis , Thomas Pynchon , or William Faulkner .
Gaddis and Pynchon are not as idiosyncratic as Morrison .
Morrison has worked very hard to deserve the right to be idiosyncratic .
Morrison is allowed to be as idiosyncratic as William Gaddis .
Let me show you how the American people in the end viewed your performance as independent counsel .
The American people formed an opinion about your performance as independent counsel .
The American people have no idea that you were independent counsel .
The American people were not pleased with your performance as independent counsel .
Look for Emily Dickinson 's forthcoming poem , All I Really Need to Know in Poetry I Learned at Microsoft .
Dickenson wrote novels .
Dickenson wrote poems about love .
Dickinson wrote poems .
Speaking of White House advisers , Time excerpts Henry Kissinger 's account of his years as Nixon 's secretary of state .
Henry Kissinger was Nixon 's secretary of state .
Henry Kissinger was the best secretary of state .
Time has never written about Henry Kissinger .
The trip was worth it , at least in terms of understanding what motivates Republic of Texas believers .
The trip helped make sense of the Republic of Texas believers ' motivations .
The trip to Texas was fun getting to learn about Christian 's beliefs and motivations .
The trip was a complete waste of time , the misunderstanding is even greater now .
Like Ross , Mehta struggles to express William Shawn 's ineffable virtues .
Both Mehta and Ross have a tough time expressing Willliam Shawn 's virtues .
Ross and Mehta have no problem expressing William Shawn 's principles .
William Shawn 's ineffable virtues are difficult to express for anyone .
Three Japanese banks will merge to create the world 's largest financial institution .
The bank will be the largest in the world .
The merger will make another insignificant bank .
The three respective banks are already large .
On the other hand , he 's got Mark Twain between him and daylight .
He has not seen daylight in years .
Mark Twain cannot stop him .
Mark Twain stands between the daylight and him .
The decent and sensitive thing to do is tell the president .
It would be humane to inform the president .
Telling the president would be considered insensitive .
The president will be surprised and upset by this news .
Prudie wants you to immediately regain your sense of humor and be grateful that your pal stepped in before any , uh , harm was done .
Prudie says you should take this very seriously .
Prudie thinks life is better when you laugh at everything .
Prudie wants you to laugh .
Why would human beings have Laibson-style preferences in the first place ?
Everyone should have Laibson-style preferences .
I don 't know why humans would have Laibson style preferences .
Laibson style preferences are the norm .
There is a difference between canny skepticism and dumbbell skepticism .
Canny skepticism and dumbbell skepticism are not exactly the same .
Canny skepticism and dumbbell skepticism are one in the same .
Canny skepticism is more common than dumbbell skepticism .
The presence of Bugsy Siegel and Kid Twist in our recent history does not mean we are a tough people .
Bugsy Siegel and Kid Twist are a part of our history and that means we 're tough .
Just because Bugsy Siegel and Kid Twist are a part of our history doesn 't mean we 're automatically tough .
The presence of these rappers in our history doesn 't guarantee we are tough .
John Horgan 's review of Richard Dawkins ' Climbing Mount Impossible  The Mystery of Life  is interesting .
It is obvious John Horgan never read the book , Climbing Mount Impossible  The Mystery of Life  .
John Horgan gave a glowing , five star review of Richard Dawkins ' book .
Richard Dawkins wrote a book called Climbing Mount Impossible  The Mystery of Life  .
Soderbergh is one of those rare filmmakers who learn on the job .
It is very common for filmmakers to learn on the job .
Rob Soderbergh is an award winning filmmaker .
Soderbergh is a filmmaker with the skill of learning on the job .
Which aspect of our foreign policy does Richard Clarke most fear will be abandoned--standing around while civilians are slaughtered in Rwanda or standing around while civilians are slaughtered in Kosovo ?
Clarke has worries about how we will respond to the recent violence .
Clarke has worries about our foreign policy .
Clarke knows everything will be fine .
Lenny Bruce began his apologia this way--and I quote from bad memory--The continuation of crime , disease , suffering , and death is what keeps me , Albert Schweitzer , and J . Edgar Hoover in business .
Bruce apologizes very often .
Bruce apologizes .
Bruce never apologizes .
Tuesday , Bush warned , Too often , on social issues , my party has painted an image of America slouching toward Gomorrah .
Bush doesn 't agree with the way his party paints a picture .
Bush warned on a weekday that his party often painted an image on social issues .
On Thursday Bush complimented his party on painting a picture of America heading towards sunshine .
This man was born in Germany , is wealthy , educated , well-traveled . . .
The man moved from Germany after he was born .
The rich , schooled , traveled man was born in Germany .
This man was born in Arkansas and was poor , uneducated and never traveled .
The second level of falsity is that Brock defends Hillary only to elevate his own , proprietary scandal .
Brock does not defend Hillary .
Some people believe it is false that Brock defends Hillary to elevate himself .
The next level of lies is that Brock Defends Hillary to elevate himself .
Time runs two anti-emotion articles .
Newsweek ran four very emotional articles .
Time magazine includes two articles against emotion .
Time magazine runs two controversial anit-emotion pieces .
This proposal initially drew some jeers from pundits whose contempt for Forbes is pretty obvious .
Forbes only has supporters .
Most people dislike Forbes .
Some people dislike Forbes .
One measure of attachment to ordinary Does the president carry a wallet ?
Do you think the president carries a wallet ?
No one cares if the president carries a wallet .
The president might carry a wallet .
Thanks to Vatican II  and one of its little-noted consequences , an ebbing of American anti-Catholicism  , Catholics unself-consciously socialize with other Christians and attend their christenings , weddings , and funerals .
Catholics and Christians have some things in common .
Catholics and Christians never partake in the same activities .
There are some exclusively Catholic traditions .
My gender is interesting but really not the subject of the story here .
The interesting story regarding my gender is something I 'll write about in the future .
The main subject of this story is about my gender and revealing this to those closest to me .
The story covers subject matter not based entirely on gender .
Yet New York state senators and legislators privately admit they assented to the legislation because they were impressed with the ferocity of the support for the bill .
New York state has its own government representatives .
New York state has no senators .
New York state has the more senators than other states .
The Boston Globe has published a hard-hitting four part series on Harvard University .
Harvard University gave The Boston Globe permission to write about them .
The Boston Globe has never written about a university .
The Boston Globe has written about Harvard University .
When the ball fell , a huge sign was illuminated and transmitted on every 2000 Discover Card .
The sign lit up in Times Square .
The sign lit up .
The sign stayed black .
So in the Cuban tropics , too , there has just now been a day as beautiful as glory , cold as the tomb .
Cuba is in the arctic .
Cuba is in the tropics .
It 's always above 80 in Cuba .
Search for condescension , sentimentality , irony  with separate options for intentional and unintentional  , pandering , obscurantism , and puns ;
Intentional irony is more common than unintentional irony .
Irony is divided into subcategories .
There is only one type of irony .
The European Union 's Eurocrats have worthy ideas , such as persuading the continent 's governments to agree on harmonious environmental and immigration policies .
The European Union have bureaucrats .
The environmental and immigration policies are not good .
There are no good ideas from the Eurocats .
This is no secret to music retailers .
Music retailers are completely in the dark about this .
Music retailers are well aware of this fact .
Music retailers knew about this issue before the news broke to the public a month ago .
The very insinuation that Hillary Rodham Clinton could possibly have anything to learn from Princess Diana was intriguing enough to make me click on Margaret Carlson 's Hillary and Di .
Hillary Clinton is a perfect person .
Hillary Rodham Clinton could learn from Princess Diana .
Princess Diana was a much better person than Hillary Clinton .
So why does Gates produce at such a frantic pace ?
Gates does not produce slowly .
The President was wondering why machines in the Gates factory produce at such a high rate .
Why does Gates produce at such a slow pace ?
There is no need to apologize for our leadership role .
Our only option is to follow whatever directions we are given from our superiors and the higher-ups .
We have earned the respect and the right to be proud leaders on this subject .
We owe no one any apologizes for our leadership in this matter .
There are , of course , many elegant and flirtatious scenes set on yachts .
Large yachts are very expensive to maintain as they need regular maintenance and use large amounts of fuel .
Very few elegant or flirtatious scenes take place on yachts .
Yachts are used as the setting for many elegant scenes .
The MCI Web site spells out the intended method of measuring these home runs .
The MCI Web site has guidelines that are easy to understand regarding measuring home runs .
There are established guidelines on the MCI Web site that explain how to measure home runs .
There is no mention of home runs on the MCI Web site at this time .
The New Yorker has fought back with special issues--massive tomes about race or Hollywood or the future .
Despite this , the New Yorker has refused to publish any special issues .
In response , the New Yorker has published massive special issues about topics like Hollywood , race , and the future .
The New Yorker has fought back with more than 20 special issues , including whole magazines about racism , space travel , and education .
While I 'm not writing you from the United States , that 's where I normally am , so sign me . . .
I am in Canada today , but I 'm normally in the United States .
I am writing you while on a two-week vacation in the United States .
I 'm usually in the United States , but I 'm not writing to you from there right now .
What Herrnstein and Murray used to measure IQ is actually a measure of education as well as intelligence .
Hernstein and Murray used educated and intelligence to determine IQ .
The only things Herstein and Murray use to determine IQ is age and gender .
To determine the IQ of the children , Hernstein and Murray used educated and intelligence .
The French findings were basically Eighteen million prescriptions were filled for fen-phen in the United States last year .
Millions of people took a diet drug that made them lost 20 pounds each .
Millions of people took fen-phen .
No one took fen-phen in the US .
There are two evolutionary advantages to looking average .
It 's beneficial to look average because people leave you alone .
It 's best to look very fancy .
It 's ok to look average .
The State Department has asked Moscow to amend the ABM Treaty--which most missile defense proponents view as an outdated Cold War dinosaur anyway .
The ABM Treaty has nothing to do with weaponry .
The ABM Treaty has saved billions of dollars .
The ABM Treaty involves missile defense .
More Capitalizing on frayed relations between British Telecom and MCI , WorldCom outbid BT by offering $ 30 billion for MCI .
BT offered 20 billion for MCT .
WorldCom never bid against BT .
WorldCom was in a bidding war against BT .
The Feminization of Culture Answer
Culture cannot relate to feminism .
Culture was feminized .
There is only one answer tot he feminization of culture .
The best thing that may be said of Podhoretz and Decter is that their biological clocks can 't have many more minutes left on them .
Decter is so young !
Decter is 85 years old .
Decter is old .
Alternative should not be used in place of alternate .
It is not proper to use alternative to mean alternate .
It is permitted to substitute alternate for alternative .
Lots of people do not know how to correctly use alternative and alternate .
By the time he entered his sixties , in 1895 , Skeat gave the impression that he was beginning to take these matters a little less
As Skeat entered his sixties he gave off no indication that he was thinking about anything .
As Skeat got older he gave off the feeling that he took these matters less .
Skeat started to care about different things as he got older .
On the shingle at the back of the zawn lay a crumpled black car and a bright pink fishing buoy , small as toys against the boulders .
The car and the fishing buoy were tiny , compared to the boulders .
The car had veered off the road and fallen onto the base of the boulder .
The enormous size of the car made the boulder look like a small stone .
The good Dr . Spooner , a kind man with white hair and cherubic face , served New College for a half century as distinguished scholar and able administrator .
Dr . Spooner left New College after serving twenty years as a scholar and administrator .
Dr . Spooner was a part of New College for decades .
Dr . Spooner was the longest serving member of New College .
. . , but the second time the encounter is he is caught in the middle between two friends .
He does not know which side to pick , between his two friends .
He only has one encounter , which involves a friend of his .
The second time the encounter involves three people .
Which do you like better , math or science ?
Do you have a preference for math or science ?
What do you hate more , english or philosophy ?
You can like other things other than math and science .
Given time and improved technology , all non-radio phones may be branded as wire phones .
Non radio phones will all end up as wire phones .
Phones will improve with technology .
Wire phones are more basic than non-radio phones .
The last sentence We assume , of course , that you have not submitted this essay elsewhere .
We take it that you have presented this essay to no one else .
We understand that you have previously published this essay in five newspapers .
We would like you to sign a form accepting that we are the only ones you have presented this essay to .
A cavalier is tied to his steed through Latin caballus `horse .
Cavaliers are known as foot soldiers used to defend fixed positions .
The very name of a cavalier indicates his connection to his horse .
There are three different breeds of horses popular among cavaliers .
Linguists have demonstrated that the first lingua france  called Mediterranean Lingua Franca by many linguists  was actually spoken before the first Crusade began in A . D . 1096 .
According to Lingua France was spoken after the first Crusade .
The first Lingua France was spoken in France after the first crusade had ended .
The first Lingua France was spoken in the Mediterranean .
good brother -- this expression of common present usage is found in Julius Caesar  iv .
In Julius Caesar , the term good brother is used .
The term good brother has only been used since the 20th Century .
The term good brother is used to refer to a brother in law .
If so , they might be induced to buy this edition because it contains 55 pages of words , definitions , and citations not previously published .
This book has many new words that were not published before .
This edition is the same as the previous edition .
This edition sold more than five hundred thousand copies in its first year .
We were somewhat intimidated by the look of it , but we ate it--without enthusiasm , but with the stiff upper lip we had imbibed , so to speak , with our mothers ' milk .
Everyone passionately ate their meals and commented that it reminded them of their favorite holiday dishes .
We felt obligated to eat what was put before us because we didn 't want to offend our hosts .
We reluctantly ate what was given to us , even though we didn 't like the looks of it .
How old are young people ?
I know exactly how old young people are .
Young people are a group that some people have trouble classifying by age .
Young people are all under twenty five years old .
Today these Germanisms do not even stay put in the United States .
Nowadays these Germanisms do not even stay in the same location in the United states .
These Germanisms are no longer used within the United states .
These Germanisms are used all over the Americas these days .
According to the blurbs , the former contains 2000 entries , the latter 2700 ; but the ODNW is more densely packed with information-- at least thirty per cent more , by my calculations .
By my calculations , the ODNW has more information has more information than the blurbs suggest .
The ODNW has more than thirty percent more information .
The ODNW lacks enough of the information and entries required to make it useful .
Besides , their concept of time is circular , not linear , so marking the passage of time is not as important as celebrating the return of seasonal events .
As their concept of time is linear , the passage of time is more important that the return of seasonal events .
Because they view time as circular , the return of seasonal events is more important to them .
They celebrate seasonal events because they believe time is s loop .
For example , some have derivations distinctly removed from the equipment used or the court on which the game is played .
All sports are named after a piece of equipment used in the sport .
Some games are not named after either equipment or court .
This often happens when a sport is created using existing equipment from other sports .
As for challenges , I am currently looking for a word that can be cut into two successively smaller forms .
I have found three words that can be cut into two successively smaller forms .
I have not had an easy time finding a word that can be cut into two successively smaller forms .
I have taken an interest in linguistics , since I took an introductory class last year .
To put the matter differently , I could write an essay called The Perils of Literacy or A Little Literacy Is a Dangerous Thing .
I could not think of a title of a book I would write about literacy
I could write a book titled The Perils of Literacy or one named A little Literacy is a dangerous Thing
There could be other titles for a book I could write about the dangers of literacy .
But this gloss on the dedication is omitted in the review , leaving the reader no wiser than before .
The book was dedicated to the author 's mother .
The review covered all information that a reader might need to know .
The review does not cover some essential information from the dedication .
In the closing years of the 19th century there was much discussion concerning the word
It was eventually decided that the word was not acceptable in polite company .
The word was a subject of debate many years ago .
The word was abandoned and forgotten before the end of the 19th century .
I was puzzled by Rebecca Christian 's mention in Blessed Be the Words That Bind ' [ XVI , 3 ] of Vikki Carr 's song , `Is That All There Is ?
I thought that the lyrics of this song were very strange .
I thought that the song lyrics were disappointingly obvious .
Rebecca explained that I did not understand the words because I was an ignorant buffoon .
But they have one private , hidden name which remains a family secret .
A member of the family published a book and revealed all of the family secrets .
The secret name has been passed down through the family generation after generation .
This family has a secret that remains hidden .
The King James Bible , which contains many such archaisms , has preserved them for modern English ; wherefore more commonly appears in the tautology whys and wherefores .
It is not easy to read the King James Bible , given its many archaisms .
The King James Bible has been fully revised to modern and simple English .
The King James Bible has many old words and phrases .
But such acknowledgments do not qualify as dedications in the sense generally understood and in the book at hand in particular .
The acknowledgements are dedications .
The acknowledgements are not dedications .
The acknowledgements are not useful .
consistency is a form of ritualism .
Being consistent is like performing rituals .
Consistency results in random chaotic outcomes .
Ritualism is valued because it leads to a consistent result .
Make my coat look new , dear , sew it !
I need you to mend my coat by sewing it .
My coat is in perfect condition , I will not need you to touch it .
There are several loose stitches on the lapel of my coat .
said my wife , raising an eyebrow .
My wife raised her eyebrow as she made the inquiry .
My wife raised her eyebrows as she spoke .
My wife squinted her eyes as she spoke .
Consider this figure in light of the fact that the largest English dictionary--now out of print--had 600 , 000 or so entries , including many obsolete forms .
The largest dictionary had more than 600 ' 000 entries .
The largest dictionary is now out of print .
The largest dictionary is still being printed today .
Still others will simply marvel at the use of language and wonder just where our analytical side ends and our emotional side begins .
It can be difficult to decide exactly where emotional appeals begin .
This piece is nothing but a dry analytical analysis .
This work has won several prestigious writing awards over the years .
' It is remarkable that this anomaly still persists , even in many modern sources .
The anomaly was eliminated several centuries ago .
This anomaly could be corrected , but the cost would be significant .
This anomaly still exists today as it did in the past .
Words are , generally speaking , old .
Most words tend to be fairly old .
Nearly all words are very new inventions .
The average word is more than one hundred years old .
The equally whimsical nature of the definitions ' defies description .
The definitions are actually quite dry and non descriptive .
The definitions are also very whimsical seeming .
There are seventeen different definitions given .
They teach us to be resolute , relentless , and resourceful .
Being resolute , relentless , and resourceful are skills that can be taught .
Being resolute , relentless , and resourceful are skills that cannot be taught , but are simply instinctual .
Learning to be resolute , relentless , and resourceful is challenging and difficult , but they teach it skillfully .
Thus , it is possible to pick out the necessary morsels of information in noisy surroundings , if facial expressions , gestures and other contextual clues are taken into account .
Clear verbal communication is the only way to gain information
Even in a noisy environment , you can learn the most important information by looking at facial expressions , gestures , and contextual signs .
You can understand what is being communicated by facial expressions and hand gestures even when you can 't hear what is being said .
Thus , one has a romantic poem written in Latin in which the first line contains the words for man and woman on opposite ends of the line .
The birds and bees are mentioned in this Latin poem , but no people are described .
The love story depicted in the Latin poem explains the reason for the distance between the man and the women in the middle of the first sentence .
This romantic Latin poem references a man and a woman in the first line .
As we all know , there is an enormous number of publications dealing with highly specialized areas .
There are a lot of journals about the scientific studies .
There are a lot of journals .
There are only 2 journals .
What are you doing becomes Watch a dune .
They change the phrases to confuse people .
They say it just as they always have .
they change the words up .
Let it be remembered that they make no declarations .
Their written declaration was printed in the newspaper this morning .
They would like to voice an opinion , but are prevented from making any declarations at this time .
We should keep in mind that they have made no statements .
From the five pages of personal acknowledgments  as opposed to a mere two pages of bibliography  , it should be clear that the dictionary rests largely on original research .
The author of this dictionary does a very thorough job of documenting and acknowledging the research that went into practically every entry .
This dictionary appears to be plagiarized from an existing dictionary written by a competitor .
This dictionary documents in the personal acknowledgments that its contents relies largely on original research .
Persons not conversant with the languages involved will probably have no answers to these rhetorical questions , but I feel sure they will prefer to be spared the obnoxious truth .
Even if they can 't speak the language , they should be able to answer the questions .
People who can 't speak the language will have a hard time answering .
They would be better off if they had someone to interpret .
buscarle la quinta pata al gato `to look for the cat 's fifth leg ' is very common with the meaning `to look for trouble'
Cats sometimes have five legs , so the people made a saying about it .
The saying is about cats with three legs .
There is an idiom about a cat 's fifth leg .
And while xerography has provided both noun and verb newances for the word copy , Horace 's ut pictura poesis reminds one that picture , too , has newances coexisting with its age-old meanings .
Xerography is about just nouns .
Xerography is related to word meaning .
Xerography is related to word meanings of technical terms .
It sweeps words in its passage , as well .
It also sweeps words when passing by .
It sweeps words quickly .
When passing , it sweeps nothing .
to do  someone  wrong -- The Rape of Lucrece , line 1462 :
someone did nothing wrong
someone was raped
something was dong wrong
Thus , I cannot accept Hendrickson 's origin for horse latitudes , though , to give him his due , he only copied the etymology from other sources , the OED included .
I 'm in total agreement with Hendrickson .
I 'm not in agreement with Hendrickson about the origin of the horse latitudes .
I 'm pretty sure that Hendrickson didn 't have much to base his ideas on .
Many languages have this ambiguity .
No other language has this kind of ambiguity .
This ambiguity is true about most languages .
This makes learning the language more difficult .
But the question cannot even be asked when the details are mislaid .
Just clearing up the the details will make the question more understandable .
The question should be answerable even with the mislaid details .
You can 't answer the question when the details are not laid out properly .
And how did such a cold and unhuman thing like a telecommunications protocol for transferring files between a mainframe and a microcomputer get dubbed Kermit ?
Kermit is the name for a certain type of telecommunications protocol .
The Kermit telecommunications protocol refers to a way of talking between Facebook Messenger and WhatsApp .
The Kermit telecommunications protocol was named after a frog .
If enough people buy this book , it will soon need a second printing which , it is hoped , will include some of the foregoing  not these  recommendations .
The book is nonfiction .
The book might need a second pitching .
The book will only need one pitching no matter what .
In Santa Fe , where the Hispanic heritage and population remain considerable , the new pseudo-Spanish names are more apt to be correct than in , say , California or Tucson .
Everyone in Santa Fe has an American name .
Most of the people in Santa Fe have Hispanic names .
There are a lot of Spanish names in Santa Fe .
The soft , warm , children 's words allow us to allay our fears about computers that crash and bomb and abort .
Children 's words allay crashes , bombs and aborts on computers .
Children 's words are soft and warm which allays our fears about computers that crash and bomb and abort .
Soft and warm words from children allow us to not fear that computers that crash , bomb and abort .
Serious crime down , but murders increase .
Thanks to the police force , murders are at an all-time low .
There has been a rise in murders because a serial killer is on the loose .
There has been a rise in murders .
One can also find some definitions here and there that are not entirely wrong yet with which one might disagree .
A definition may be technically correct yet have two or more interpretations that people would argue about .
All of the definitions have been agreed upon by all parties .
You may disagree with some definitions even though they are not entirely wrong .
RH-II labels this current expression to be of South Midland and southern U . S . origin and means to be on the verge of .
According to RH-II , this expression means to be on the verge of .
This South Midland expression means I 'm hungry .
This expression was imported into the US from Creole slang .
Governmental / legal batta , begar , chaprasi , dakoit , dakoity , dhan , dharna , kotwal , kotwali , panchayat , pottah , sabha
Al of the words are easy to understand .
There are lots of silly words that decribe the government .
We were handed a long list of strange terms .
The teacher explained , in terms that she hoped were appropriate to her audience .
She explained the theory of evolution to her audience .
The teacher deliberately tried to give her lecture using obscure words .
The teacher tried to explain in audience-appropriate terms .
The stadium itself , and the kind of activity that took place there , were called agon , a Greek word which originally meant simply `competition , ' but which has given us our word `agony .
The Greek word for competition has come to mean pain in English because of the agony that took place during the competitions .
The word agon originally meant competition in Greek .
The word agon originally meant pain and suffering in Greek
The flashes of wisdom should not be overlooked ,
The flashes of wisdom are of no importance .
The flashes of wisdom are of great significance .
The flashes of wisdom should always be considered .
In Tokyo , a correspondent for The Economist sighted a T-shirt O D on Bourgeoisie Milk Boy Milk .
A reporter for The Economist was in Tokyo and noticed a particular T-shirt .
The T-shirt that said O D on Bourgeoisie Milk Boy Milk seemed out of place and confusing in Tokyo .
The correspondent for The Economist in Tokyo couldn 't read the T-shirt he saw .
Two of Canada 's best-known popular history writers , Peter C . Newman and Pierre Berton , use the term almost exclusively in works they have written on Canada 's North .
Peter C . Newman and Pierre Berton are popular writers of Canadian history .
There have been exactly two books written on the history of Canada 's North , and these were by popular writers Newman and Berton .
Though they wrote many popular modern songs , Peter C . Newman and Pierre Berton never wrote books about history .
Hogwash , of course , is a designation for language as `worthless , disgusting , and unfit for human consumption , as pig slops .
Hogwash is defined as that which is nonsensical and worthless .
Hogwash is most commonly used to describe the most important and sensible things .
The term Hogwash is formed because of the stench that comes from washing pigs .
The translators of the King James Bible were translating the Bible for a Christian audience ; for them , the Bible consisted of the Old Testament and the New Testament .
The King James Bible contains both the Old and the New Testament .
The King James Bible contains only the Old Testament .
The King James Bible is made solely for a Christian audience .
Taken in this context , the recent publication of the Omni Gazetteer of the United States of America , despite its 1 , 500 , 000 entries , may properly be seen as only a first step , albeit an ambitious one .
The Omni Gazetteer of the United States is a first step .
The Omni Gazetteer of the United States is about animals .
The Omni Gazetteer of the United States is comprehensive .
' My further point is that to be totally successful , a dictionary of this kind requires far more than the academic skills of a place-name specialist .
A dictionary has a lot to offer .
A dictionary required more than specialist skills .
A dictionary requires only a specialist 's skills .
She pointed to a patch of equally depressing but bushier shrubbery .
She gestured toward another , bushier shrub .
She gestured towards a bush that was somewhat depressing .
That bush is less bushy than the other .
The difference between a president and a king is that a king has no vice .
A king that sets up an order of succession is always accused of showing signs of weakness .
A president has a vice-president , but a king does not have a vice-king .
It is never obvious who will take over for a king in the event of his death , but it is obvious for a president .
Words that do not fit cannot be returned .
All words fit .
Some words do not fit in the puzzle .
Some words do not fit .
Actually , the word quark is in the OED as a verb meaning `croak , ' with 19th-century references to frogs , rooks , and herons .
Most people would not know the origin of the word quark and that it referenced the noise made by a frog .
The word quark has been listed in dictionaries as a verb defined as the croaking sound made by frogs .
The word quark is a modern word first invented by scientists in the 1960s .
A virgin forest is a forest in which the hand of man has never set foot .
A forest that has never been marred by man 's presence is called a virgin forest .
Due to our population , there are few virgin forests still left in the United States .
The newest condo development in the center of the forest won 't impact its virgin forest status .
These boxes come with wires  called cables in the trade because that sounds more impressive  that allow them to be connected to one another and into a power source .
Cables are a much more prestigious word than wires whenever in a trade .
No cables or wires care included in the trade for these boxes .
These boxes can be connected together and powered by cables .
Jones , referring to Sir William Johnson , commented , He was loved , caressed , and almost adored by the Indians .
The Indians disliked Sir William Johnson .
The Indians liked Sir William Johnson .
The Indians showed Sir William Johnson how to plant a garden .
I have yet Room for six scotches more .
I can still consume six more scotches .
I only have room for one more glass of scotch .
Six more scotches on the rocks will do just fine .
Dr . Richards never stops astonishing us .
We are continuously surprised by Dr . Richards .
We howled with laughter when we heard Dr . Richards ' latest news .
We 've never heard of Dr . Richards or his ideas .
It is a rocky area where a rancher named Lover hid among the boulders from people intent on killing him .
Lover had a target on his head and thus had to hide between the rocks .
Lover was on the run from the law who wanted him dead .
The rancher named Lover hid in a grassy area while planning his murder rampage .
Thus , on average , Webster 's Ninth New Collegiate and the Random House Webster 's College contain at least fifteen per cent more information per entry than American Heritage and Webster 's New World .
Schools use Webster 's COllege because it is the best .
There is more information in the Webster 's College than New World .
Webster 's College is missing way more information than the other books .
My sister once dated a strapping young man who was a diehard booster of the University of Iowa , the sports teams of which are called the Hawkeyes .
My sister is a nun and has never dated a man .
My sister used to date a fan of the University of Iowa sports teams , which are called the Hawkeyes .
The young man my sister was dating felt obligated to be a Hawkeyes fan because he worked for the University of Iowa .
The English speech is already overburdened with outlandish words that ought never to have been taken in , and ought even now to be turned out .
English is badly in need of additional exotic words .
Experts have identified fifty different words that should not be part of the language .
There are many English words that should be removed from the language .
John Burke  Alabama  reviews and analyzes other contemporary accounts and finds that Boswell 's is not only the most accurate but that he uses it to demonstrate Johnson 's character , whereas others were merely retailing literary gossip .
John Burke dislikes Boswell .
John Burke ignores accounts .
John Burke reviews accounts .
A month has passed since the election and still Republicans and Democrats are high-fiving .
It has been a month since the election .
It has been a month since the presidential election .
It has been only a week since the election .
Feisty , like fizzle , began as Middle English fysten , fisten `to fart .
Fiesty began as fisten .
Fiesty has been around for 100 years .
Fiesty is unrelated to fisten .
While statement is better , answer gives the mental picture of completion .
Statement gives more details .
Statement is not better .
Statement is preferable .